{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 What information we collect\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1. Personal Information:\
\
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. \'93Personal Information\'94 means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.\
\
2. Non-Personal Information:\
\
We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. \'93Non-Personal Information\'94 means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the list of system applications and currently installed applications, and information about the way you use the Applications.\
\
3. Location Services:\
\
We do NOT request, collect, or access your location information.\
\
THIRD PARTY APPS / LINKS\
\
Inside our apps or services we display ads / links to other companies or mobile applications. When you click on ads / links of third parties in our apps or services, you may leave the app or service. We do not responsible for the privacy practices adopted by third parties. We recommend that you read their privacy policies.\
\
SECURITY\
\
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use.\
\
Your Privacy\
\
We do not store or retain any personal information that can be used to identify you (the end user), unless specifically stated in the application (for example, an e-mail address used for account registration). No data specific to the end user will be shared or sold to third parties. We have no interest in housing and storing users personal information or data.\
\
CONTACT\
\
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or any other issues regarding our apps or services, please contact us.}