en|阿富汗|Afghanistan
en|阿尔巴尼亚|Albania
en|阿尔及利亚|Algeria
en|美属萨摩亚|American Samoa
en|安道尔|Andorra
en|安哥拉|Angola
en|安哥拉_本戈|Bengo
en|安哥拉_本格拉|Benguela
en|安哥拉_比耶|Bie
en|安哥拉_卡宾达|Cabinda
en|安哥拉_宽多库邦戈|Cuando Cubango
en|安哥拉_北宽扎|Cuanza Norte
en|安哥拉_南宽扎|Cuanza Sul
en|安哥拉_库内内|Cunene
en|安哥拉_万博|Huambo
en|安哥拉_威拉|Huila
en|安哥拉_罗安达|Luanda
en|安哥拉_北隆达|Lunda Norte
en|安哥拉_南隆达|Lunda Sul
en|安哥拉_马兰热|Malanje
en|安哥拉_莫希科|Moxico
en|安哥拉_纳米贝|Namibe
en|安哥拉_威热|Uige
en|安哥拉_扎伊尔|Zaire
en|安圭拉岛|Anguilla
en|南极洲|Antarctica
en|安提瓜岛和巴布达|Antigua and Barbuda
en|阿根廷|Argentina
en|阿根廷_布兰卡港|Bahia Blanca
en|阿根廷_布宜诺斯艾利斯|Buenos Aires
en|阿根廷_卡塔马卡|Catamarca
en|阿根廷_里瓦达维亚海军准将城|Comodoro Rivadavia
en|阿根廷_肯考迪娅|Concordia
en|阿根廷_科尔多瓦|Cordoba
en|阿根廷_科连特斯|Corrientes
en|阿根廷_福莫萨|Formosa
en|阿根廷_胡胡伊|Jujuy
en|阿根廷_拉普拉塔|La Plata
en|阿根廷_拉里奥哈|La Rioja
en|阿根廷_马德普拉塔|Mar del Plata
en|阿根廷_门多萨|Mendoza
en|阿根廷_内乌肯|Neuquen
en|阿根廷_巴拉那|Parana
en|阿根廷_波萨达斯|Posadas
en|阿根廷_罗森|Rawson
en|阿根廷_雷西斯滕匹亚|Resistencia
en|阿根廷_里奥夸尔托|Rio Cuarto
en|阿根廷_里奥加耶戈斯|Rio Gallegos
en|阿根廷_罗萨里奥|Rosario
en|阿根廷_萨尔塔|Salta
en|阿根廷_圣胡安|San Juan
en|阿根廷_圣路易斯|San Luis
en|阿根廷_圣米格尔-德图库曼|San Miguel de Tucuman
en|阿根廷_圣尼古拉斯|San Nicolas
en|阿根廷_圣拉斐尔|San Rafael
en|阿根廷_圣菲|Santa Fe
en|阿根廷_圣罗莎|Santa Rosa
en|阿根廷_圣地亚哥-德尔埃斯特罗|Santiago del Estero
en|阿根廷_特雷利乌|Trelew
en|阿根廷_乌斯怀亚|Ushuaia
en|阿根廷_别德马|Viedma
en|阿根廷_克劳斯城|Villa Krause
en|亚美尼亚|Armenia
en|阿鲁巴|Aruba
en|澳大利亚|Australia
en|澳大利亚_堪培拉|Canberra
en|澳大利亚_新南威尔士|New South Wales
en|澳大利亚_新南威尔士_纽卡斯尔|Newcastle
en|澳大利亚_新南威尔士_悉尼|Sydney
en|澳大利亚_新南威尔士_伍伦贡|Wollongong
en|澳大利亚_北部地区|Northern Territory
en|澳大利亚_北部地区_达尔文|Darwin
en|澳大利亚_北部地区_北帕默斯顿|Palmerston
en|澳大利亚_昆士兰|Queensland
en|澳大利亚_昆士兰_布里斯班|Brisbane
en|澳大利亚_昆士兰_凯恩斯|Cairns
en|澳大利亚_昆士兰_卡罗旺德拉|Caloundra
en|澳大利亚_昆士兰_黄金海岸|Gold Coast
en|澳大利亚_昆士兰_图文巴|Toowoomba
en|澳大利亚_昆士兰_汤斯维尔|Townsville
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚|South Australia
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_阿德莱德|Adelaide
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_甘比亚山|Mount Gambier
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_默里布里奇|Murray Bridge
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_奥古斯塔|Port Augusta
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_林肯港|Port Lincoln
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_皮里港|Port Pirie
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_维克托港|Victor Harbor
en|澳大利亚_南澳大利亚_怀阿拉|Whyalla
en|澳大利亚_塔斯马尼亚|Tasmania
en|澳大利亚_塔斯马尼亚_伯尼港|Burnie
en|澳大利亚_塔斯马尼亚_德文波特|Devonport
en|澳大利亚_塔斯马尼亚_霍巴特|Hobart
en|澳大利亚_塔斯马尼亚_朗塞斯顿|Launceston
en|澳大利亚_维多利亚|Victoria
en|澳大利亚_维多利亚_吉朗|Geelong
en|澳大利亚_维多利亚_墨尔本|Melbourne
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚|Western Australia
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚_奥尔巴尼|Albany
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚_班伯里|Bunbury
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚_弗里曼特尔港|Fremantle
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚_杰拉尔顿|Geraldton
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚_卡尔古利|Kalgoorlie
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚_曼哲拉|Mandurah
en|澳大利亚_西澳大利亚_珀斯|Perth
en|奥地利|Austria
en|奥地利_布尔根兰|Burgenland
en|奥地利_克恩顿|Carinthia
en|奥地利_下奥地利|Lower Austria
en|奥地利_萨尔茨堡|Salzburg
en|奥地利_施蒂利亚|Styria
en|奥地利_蒂罗尔|Tyrol
en|奥地利_上奥地利|Upper Austria
en|奥地利_维也纳|Vienna
en|奥地利_福拉尔贝格|Vorarlberg
en|阿塞拜疆|Azerbaijan
en|巴哈马|Bahamas
en|巴林|Bahrain
en|孟加拉|Bangladesh
en|巴巴多斯岛|Barbados
en|白俄罗斯|Belarus
en|比利时|Belgium
en|伯利兹|Belize
en|贝宁|Benin
en|百慕大|Bermuda
en|不丹|Bhutan
en|玻利维亚|Bolivia
en|波斯尼亚和黑塞哥维那|Bosnia And Herzegovina
en|博茨瓦纳|Botswana
en|巴西|Brazil
en|巴西_阿克里|Acre
en|巴西_阿拉戈斯|Alagoas
en|巴西_阿马帕|Amapa
en|巴西_亚马孙|Amazonas
en|巴西_巴伊亚|Bahia
en|巴西_巴西利亚|Brasilia
en|巴西_塞阿拉|Ceara
en|巴西_圣埃斯皮里图|Espirito Santo
en|巴西_戈亚斯|Goias
en|巴西_马拉尼昂|Maranhao
en|巴西_马托格罗索|Mato Grosso
en|巴西_南马托格罗索|Mato Grosso do Sul
en|巴西_米纳斯吉拉斯|Minas Gerais
en|巴西_帕拉|Para
en|巴西_帕拉伊巴|Paraiba
en|巴西_巴拉那|Parana
en|巴西_伯南布哥|Pernambuco
en|巴西_皮奥伊|Piaui
en|巴西_北里奥格兰德|Rio Grande do Norte
en|巴西_南里奥格兰德|Rio Grande do Sul
en|巴西_里约热内卢|Rio de Janeiro
en|巴西_朗多尼亚|Rondonia
en|巴西_罗赖马|Roraima
en|巴西_圣卡塔琳娜|Santa Catarina
en|巴西_圣保罗|Sao Paulo
en|巴西_塞尔希培|Sergipe
en|巴西_托坎廷斯|Tocantins
en|英属维尔京群岛|British Virgin Islands
en|文莱|Brunei
en|保加利亚|Bulgaria
en|布基纳法索|Burkina Faso
en|布隆迪|Burundi
en|柬埔寨|Cambodia
en|柬埔寨_班迭棉吉|Banteay Mean Chey
en|柬埔寨_马德望|Bat Dambang
en|柬埔寨_磅湛|Kampong Cham
en|柬埔寨_磅清扬|Kampong Chhnang
en|柬埔寨_磅士卑|Kampong Spoe
en|柬埔寨_磅同|Kampong Thum
en|柬埔寨_贡布|Kampot
en|柬埔寨_干丹|Kandal
en|柬埔寨_戈公|Kaoh Kong
en|柬埔寨_桔井|Kracheh
en|柬埔寨_白马市|Krong Keb
en|柬埔寨_拜林市|Krong Pailin
en|柬埔寨_西哈努克市|Krong Preah
en|柬埔寨_蒙多基里|Mondol Kiri
en|柬埔寨_奥多棉吉|Otdar Mean Chey
en|柬埔寨_金边市|Phnum Penh
en|柬埔寨_菩萨|Pouth sat
en|柬埔寨_柏威夏|Preah Vihear
en|柬埔寨_波罗勉|Prey Veng
en|柬埔寨_腊塔纳基里|Rotanak Kiri
en|柬埔寨_暹粒|Siem Reab
en|柬埔寨_上丁|Stoeng Treng
en|柬埔寨_柴桢|Svay Rieng
en|柬埔寨_茶胶|Takev
en|喀麦隆|Cameroon
en|加拿大|Canada
en|加拿大_阿伯茨福|Abbotsford
en|加拿大_巴里|Barrie
en|加拿大_基奇纳|Brampton
en|加拿大_卡里加里|Calgary
en|加拿大_布列塔尼角|Cape Breton
en|加拿大_夏洛特敦|Charlottetown
en|加拿大_埃德蒙顿|Edmonton
en|加拿大_弗雷德里顿|Fredericton
en|加拿大_圭尔夫|Guelph
en|加拿大_哈利法克斯|Halifax
en|加拿大_哈密尔顿|Hamilton
en|加拿大_伊魁特|Iqaluit
en|加拿大_基劳纳|Kelowna
en|加拿大_金斯敦|Kingston
en|加拿大_伦敦|London
en|加拿大_蒙特利尔|Montreal
en|加拿大_奥沙瓦|Oshawa
en|加拿大_渥太华|Ottawa
en|加拿大_魁北克|Quebec
en|加拿大_里贾纳|Regina
en|加拿大_圣约翰斯|Saint-John's
en|加拿大_萨斯卡通|Saskatoon
en|加拿大_舍布鲁克|Sherbrooke
en|加拿大_圣卡塔琳娜|St. Catharines
en|加拿大_萨德伯里|Sudbury
en|加拿大_桑德贝|Thunder Bay
en|加拿大_多伦多|Toronto
en|加拿大_三河城|Trois-Rivieres
en|加拿大_温哥华|Vancouver
en|加拿大_维多利亚|Victoria
en|加拿大_怀特霍斯|Whitehorse
en|加拿大_温莎|Windsor
en|加拿大_温尼伯|Winnipeg
en|加拿大_耶洛奈夫|Yellowknife
en|佛得角|Cape verde
en|开曼群岛|Cayman Islands
en|中非共和国|Central African Republic
en|乍得|Chad
en|智利|Chile
en|中国|China
en|中国_安徽|Anhui
en|中国_安徽_安庆|Anqing
en|中国_安徽_蚌埠|Bengbu
en|中国_安徽_亳州|Bozhou
en|中国_安徽_巢湖|Chaohu
en|中国_安徽_池州|Chizhou
en|中国_安徽_滁州|Chuzhou
en|中国_安徽_阜阳|Fuyang
en|中国_安徽_合肥|Hefei
en|中国_安徽_淮北|Huaibei
en|中国_安徽_淮南|Huainan
en|中国_安徽_黄山|Huangshan
en|中国_安徽_六安|Luan
en|中国_安徽_马鞍山|MOS
en|中国_安徽_宿州|Suzhou
en|中国_安徽_铜陵|Tongling
en|中国_安徽_芜湖|Wuhu
en|中国_安徽_宣城|Xuancheng
en|中国_北京|Beijing
en|中国_北京_昌平|Changping
en|中国_北京_朝阳|Chaoyang
en|中国_北京_大兴|Daxing
en|中国_北京_东城|East
en|中国_北京_房山|Fangshan
en|中国_北京_丰台|Fengtai
en|中国_北京_海淀|Haidian
en|中国_北京_怀柔|Huairou
en|中国_北京_门头沟|Mentougou
en|中国_北京_密云|Miyun
en|中国_北京_平谷|Pinggu
en|中国_北京_石景山|Shijingshan
en|中国_北京_顺义|Shunyi
en|中国_北京_通州|Tongzhou
en|中国_北京_西城|West
en|中国_北京_延庆|Yanqing
en|中国_重庆|Chongqing
en|中国_重庆_合川|Aikawa
en|中国_重庆_巴南|Banan
en|中国_重庆_北碚|Beibei
en|中国_重庆_璧山|Bishan
en|中国_重庆_城口|Chengkou
en|中国_重庆_大渡口|Dadukou
en|中国_重庆_大足|Dazu
en|中国_重庆_垫江|Dianjiang
en|中国_重庆_丰都|Fengdu
en|中国_重庆_奉节|Fengjie
en|中国_重庆_涪陵|Fuling
en|中国_重庆_江北|Jiangbei
en|中国_重庆_江津|Jiangjin
en|中国_重庆_九龙坡|Jiulongpo
en|中国_重庆_开县|Kaixian
en|中国_重庆_梁平|Liangping
en|中国_重庆_南川|Nanchuan
en|中国_重庆_彭水|Pengshui
en|中国_重庆_万盛|Pine Valley
en|中国_重庆_黔江|Qianjiang
en|中国_重庆_綦江|Qijiang
en|中国_重庆_荣昌|Rongchang
en|中国_重庆_沙坪坝|Shapingba
en|中国_重庆_双桥|Shuangqiao
en|中国_重庆_南岸|South Bank
en|中国_重庆_铜梁|Tongliang
en|中国_重庆_潼南|Tongnan
en|中国_重庆_两江新区|Two Rivers
en|中国_重庆_万州|Wanzhou
en|中国_重庆_武隆|Wulong
en|中国_重庆_巫山|Wushan
en|中国_重庆_巫溪|Wuxi
en|中国_重庆_秀山|Xiushan
en|中国_重庆_永川|Yongchuan
en|中国_重庆_酉阳|Youyang
en|中国_重庆_渝北|Yubei
en|中国_重庆_云阳|Yunyang
en|中国_重庆_渝中|Yuzhong
en|中国_重庆_忠县|Zhongxian
en|中国_重庆_石柱|columns
en|中国_重庆_长寿|longevity
en|中国_福建|Fujian
en|中国_福建_福州|Fuzhou
en|中国_福建_龙岩|Longyan
en|中国_福建_南平|Nanping
en|中国_福建_宁德|Ningde
en|中国_福建_莆田|Putian
en|中国_福建_泉州|Quanzhou
en|中国_福建_三明|Sanming
en|中国_福建_厦门|Xiamen
en|中国_福建_漳州|Zhangzhou
en|中国_甘肃|Gansu
en|中国_甘肃_定西|Dingxi
en|中国_甘肃_甘南|Gannan
en|中国_甘肃_嘉峪关|Jiayuguan
en|中国_甘肃_金昌|Jinchang
en|中国_甘肃_酒泉|Jiuquan
en|中国_甘肃_兰州市|Lanzhou
en|中国_甘肃_临夏|Linxia
en|中国_甘肃_陇南|Longnan
en|中国_甘肃_平凉|Pingliang
en|中国_甘肃_庆阳|Qingyang
en|中国_甘肃_白银|Silver
en|中国_甘肃_天水|Tin Shui
en|中国_甘肃_武威|Wuwei
en|中国_甘肃_张掖|Zhangye
en|中国_广东|Guangdong
en|中国_广东_潮州|Chaozhou
en|中国_广东_东莞|Dongguan
en|中国_广东_佛山|Foshan
en|中国_广东_广州|Guangzhou
en|中国_广东_河源|Heyuan
en|中国_广东_惠州|Huizhou
en|中国_广东_江门|Jiangmen
en|中国_广东_揭阳|Jieyang
en|中国_广东_茂名|Maoming
en|中国_广东_梅州|Meizhou
en|中国_广东_清远|Qingyuan
en|中国_广东_汕头|Shantou
en|中国_广东_汕尾|Shanwei
en|中国_广东_韶关|Shaoguan
en|中国_广东_深圳|Shenzhen
en|中国_广东_阳江|Yangjiang
en|中国_广东_云浮|Yunfu
en|中国_广东_湛江|Zhanjiang
en|中国_广东_肇庆|Zhaoqing
en|中国_广东_中山|Zhongshan
en|中国_广东_珠海|Zhuhai
en|中国_广西|Guangxi
en|中国_广西_百色|Baise
en|中国_广西_北海|Beihai
en|中国_广西_崇左|Chongzuo
en|中国_广西_钦州|Chow
en|中国_广西_防城港|Fangchenggang
en|中国_广西_贵港|Guigang
en|中国_广西_桂林|Guilin
en|中国_广西_河池|Hechi
en|中国_广西_贺州|Hezhou
en|中国_广西_柳州|Liuzhou
en|中国_广西_南宁|Nanning
en|中国_广西_梧州|Wuzhou
en|中国_广西_玉林|Yulin
en|中国_广西_来宾|guests
en|中国_贵州|Guizhou
en|中国_贵州_安顺|Anshun
en|中国_贵州_毕节|Bijie
en|中国_贵州_贵阳|Guiyang
en|中国_贵州_遵义|Lawrence
en|中国_贵州_六盘水|Liupanshui
en|中国_贵州_黔南|South Guizhou
en|中国_贵州_黔东南|Southeast
en|中国_贵州_黔西南|Southwest Guizhou
en|中国_贵州_铜仁|Tongren
en|中国_海南|Hainan
en|中国_海南_保亭|Baoting
en|中国_海南_昌江|Changjiang
en|中国_海南_澄迈|Chengmai
en|中国_海南_儋州|Danzhou
en|中国_海南_东方|East
en|中国_海南_五指山|Fingers
en|中国_海南_海口|Haikou
en|中国_海南_定安|Honour
en|中国_海南_陵水|Lingshui
en|中国_海南_万宁|Manning
en|中国_海南_乐东|Music East
en|中国_海南_南沙|Nansha
en|中国_海南_临高|Pro High
en|中国_海南_琼海|Qionghai
en|中国_海南_琼中|Qiongzhong
en|中国_海南_三亚|Sanya
en|中国_海南_屯昌|Tunchang
en|中国_海南_文昌|Wenchang
en|中国_海南_白沙|White Sands
en|中国_海南_西沙|Xisha
en|中国_海南_中沙|in the sand
en|中国_河北|Hebei
en|中国_河北_保定|Baoding
en|中国_河北_沧州|Cangzhou
en|中国_河北_承德|Chengde
en|中国_河北_邯郸|Handan
en|中国_河北_衡水|Hengshui
en|中国_河北_廊坊|Langfang
en|中国_河北_秦皇岛|Qinhuangdao
en|中国_河北_石家庄|Shijiazhuang
en|中国_河北_唐山|Tangshan
en|中国_河北_邢台|Xingtai
en|中国_河北_张家口|Zhangjiakou
en|中国_黑龙江|Heilongjiang
en|中国_黑龙江_大庆|Daqing
en|中国_黑龙江_哈尔滨|Harbin
en|中国_黑龙江_鹤岗|Hegang
en|中国_黑龙江_黑河|Heihe
en|中国_黑龙江_佳木斯|Jiamusi
en|中国_黑龙江_鸡西|Jixi
en|中国_黑龙江_大兴安岭|Mountains
en|中国_黑龙江_牡丹江|Mudanjiang
en|中国_黑龙江_齐齐哈尔|Qiqihar
en|中国_黑龙江_七台河|Qitaihe
en|中国_黑龙江_双鸭山|Shuangyashan
en|中国_黑龙江_绥化|Suihua
en|中国_黑龙江_伊春|Yichun
en|中国_河南|Henan
en|中国_河南_安阳|Anyang
en|中国_河南_鹤壁|Hebi
en|中国_河南_焦作|Jiaozuo
en|中国_河南_济源|Jiyuan
en|中国_河南_开封|Kaifeng
en|中国_河南_漯河|Luohe
en|中国_河南_洛阳|Luoyang
en|中国_河南_南阳|Nanyang
en|中国_河南_濮阳|Puyang
en|中国_河南_三门峡|Sanmenxia
en|中国_河南_商丘|Shangqiu
en|中国_河南_新乡|Xinxiang
en|中国_河南_信阳|Xinyang
en|中国_河南_许昌|Xuchang
en|中国_河南_郑州|Zhengzhou
en|中国_河南_周口|Zhoukou
en|中国_河南_驻马店|Zhumadian
en|中国_河南_平顶山|mesa
en|中国_香港|Hong Kong
en|中国_香港_中西区|Central and Western
en|中国_香港_东区|Eastern
en|中国_香港_离岛区|Islands
en|中国_香港_九龙城区|Kowloon City
en|中国_香港_葵青区|Kwai Tsing
en|中国_香港_观塘区|Kwun Tong
en|中国_香港_北区|North
en|中国_香港_西贡区|Sai Kung
en|中国_香港_沙田区|Sha Tin
en|中国_香港_深水埗区|Sham Shui Po
en|中国_香港_南区|Southern
en|中国_香港_大埔区|Tai Po
en|中国_香港_荃湾区|Tsuen Wan
en|中国_香港_屯门区|Tuen Mun
en|中国_香港_湾仔区|Wan Chai
en|中国_香港_黄大仙区|Wong Tai Sin
en|中国_香港_油尖旺区|Yau Tsim Mong
en|中国_香港_元朗区|Yuen Long
en|中国_湖北|Hubei
en|中国_湖北_仙桃|Bristol
en|中国_湖北_恩施|Enshi
en|中国_湖北_鄂州|Ezhou
en|中国_湖北_黄冈|Huanggang
en|中国_湖北_荆门|Jingmen
en|中国_湖北_荆州|Jingzhou
en|中国_湖北_潜江|Qianjiang
en|中国_湖北_神农架|Shennongjia
en|中国_湖北_十堰|Shiyan
en|中国_湖北_随州|Suizhou
en|中国_湖北_天门|Tianmen
en|中国_湖北_武汉|Wuhan
en|中国_湖北_咸宁|Xianning
en|中国_湖北_孝感|Xiaogan
en|中国_湖北_襄阳|Yangyang
en|中国_湖北_黄石|Yellowstone
en|中国_湖北_宜昌|Yichang
en|中国_湖南|Hunan
en|中国_湖南_常德|Changde
en|中国_湖南_长沙|Changsha
en|中国_湖南_郴州|Chenzhou
en|中国_湖南_衡阳|Hengyang
en|中国_湖南_怀化|Huaihua
en|中国_湖南_娄底|Loudi
en|中国_湖南_邵阳|Shaoyang
en|中国_湖南_湘潭|Xiangtan
en|中国_湖南_湘西|Xiangxi
en|中国_湖南_益阳|Yiyang
en|中国_湖南_永州|Yongzhou
en|中国_湖南_岳阳|Yueyang
en|中国_湖南_张家界|Zhangjiajie
en|中国_湖南_株洲|Zhuzhou
en|中国_内蒙古|Inner Mongolia
en|中国_内蒙古_阿拉善|Alxa
en|中国_内蒙古_包头|Baotou
en|中国_内蒙古_巴彦淖尔|Bayannur
en|中国_内蒙古_乌兰察布|Bu
en|中国_内蒙古_赤峰|Chifeng
en|中国_内蒙古_鄂尔多斯|Erdos
en|中国_内蒙古_锡林郭勒|Gol
en|中国_内蒙古_呼和浩特|Hohhot
en|中国_内蒙古_呼伦贝尔|Hulunbeier
en|中国_内蒙古_通辽|Tongliao
en|中国_内蒙古_乌海|Wuhai
en|中国_内蒙古_兴安|Xing
en|中国_江苏|Jiangsu
en|中国_江苏_常州|Changzhou
en|中国_江苏_淮安|Huaian
en|中国_江苏_连云港|Lianyungang
en|中国_江苏_南京|Nanjing
en|中国_江苏_南通|Nantong
en|中国_江苏_宿迁|Suqian
en|中国_江苏_苏州|Suzhou
en|中国_江苏_泰州|Taizhou
en|中国_江苏_无锡|Wuxi
en|中国_江苏_徐州|Xuzhou
en|中国_江苏_盐城|Yancheng
en|中国_江苏_扬州|Yangzhou
en|中国_江苏_镇江|Zhenjiang
en|中国_江西|Jiangxi
en|中国_江西_抚州|Fuzhou
en|中国_江西_赣州|Ganzhou
en|中国_江西_吉安|Jian
en|中国_江西_景德镇|Jingdezhen
en|中国_江西_九江|Jiujiang
en|中国_江西_南昌|Nanchang
en|中国_江西_萍乡|Pingxiang
en|中国_江西_上饶|Shangrao
en|中国_江西_新余|Xinyu
en|中国_江西_宜春|Yichun
en|中国_江西_鹰潭|Yingtan
en|中国_吉林|Jilin
en|中国_吉林_长春|Changchun
en|中国_吉林_吉林|Jilin
en|中国_吉林_辽源|Liaoyuan
en|中国_吉林_松原|Matsubara
en|中国_吉林_四平|Siping
en|中国_吉林_通化|Tonghua
en|中国_吉林_白城|White City
en|中国_吉林_白山|White Mountains
en|中国_吉林_延边|Yanbian
en|中国_辽宁|Liaoning
en|中国_辽宁_鞍山|Anshan
en|中国_辽宁_本溪|Benxi
en|中国_辽宁_朝阳|Chaoyang
en|中国_辽宁_大连|Dalian
en|中国_辽宁_丹东|Dandong
en|中国_辽宁_抚顺|Fushun
en|中国_辽宁_阜新|Fuxin
en|中国_辽宁_葫芦岛|Huludao
en|中国_辽宁_锦州|Jinzhou
en|中国_辽宁_辽阳|Liaoyang
en|中国_辽宁_盘锦|Panjin
en|中国_辽宁_沈阳|Shenyang
en|中国_辽宁_铁岭|Tieling
en|中国_辽宁_营口|Yingkou
en|中国_澳门|Macao
en|中国_澳门_大堂区|Cathedral
en|中国_澳门_路环岛|Coloane
en|中国_澳门_花地玛堂区|Fatima
en|中国_澳门_圣安多尼堂区|St. Anthony
en|中国_澳门_风顺堂区|St. Lawrence
en|中国_澳门_望德堂区|St. Lazarus
en|中国_澳门_氹仔|Taipa
en|中国_宁夏|Ningxia
en|中国_宁夏_固原|Guyuan
en|中国_宁夏_石嘴山|Shizuishan
en|中国_宁夏_吴忠|Wuzhong
en|中国_宁夏_银川|Yinchuan
en|中国_宁夏_中卫|Zhongwei
en|中国_青海|Qinghai
en|中国_青海_果洛|Guoluo
en|中国_青海_海东|Haidong
en|中国_青海_海南|Hainan
en|中国_青海_海西|Hercynian
en|中国_青海_黄南|Huangnan
en|中国_青海_西宁|Xining
en|中国_青海_玉树|Yushu
en|中国_青海_海北|rambling
en|中国_陕西|Shaanxi
en|中国_陕西_安康|Ankang
en|中国_陕西_宝鸡|Baoji
en|中国_陕西_汉中|Hanzhong
en|中国_陕西_商洛|Shangluo
en|中国_陕西_铜川|Tongchuan
en|中国_陕西_渭南|Weinan
en|中国_陕西_西安|Xi'an
en|中国_陕西_咸阳|Xianyang
en|中国_陕西_延安|Yanan
en|中国_陕西_榆林|Yulin
en|中国_山东|Shandong
en|中国_山东_滨州|Binzhou
en|中国_山东_德州|Dezhou
en|中国_山东_东营|Dongying
en|中国_山东_菏泽|Heze
en|中国_山东_济南|Jinan
en|中国_山东_济宁|Jining
en|中国_山东_莱芜|Laiwu
en|中国_山东_聊城|Liaocheng
en|中国_山东_临沂|Linyi
en|中国_山东_青岛|Qingdao
en|中国_山东_日照|Rizhao
en|中国_山东_泰安|Taian
en|中国_山东_潍坊|Weifang
en|中国_山东_威海|Weihai
en|中国_山东_烟台|Yantai
en|中国_山东_枣庄|Zaozhuang
en|中国_山东_淄博|Zibo
en|中国_上海|Shanghai
en|中国_上海_宝山|Baoshan
en|中国_上海_长宁|Changning
en|中国_上海_崇明|Chongming
en|中国_上海_奉贤|Fengxian
en|中国_上海_虹口|Hongkou
en|中国_上海_黄浦|Huangpu
en|中国_上海_嘉定|Jiading
en|中国_上海_静安|Jing
en|中国_上海_金山|Jinshan
en|中国_上海_卢湾|Luwan
en|中国_上海_闵行|Minhang
en|中国_上海_普陀|Po
en|中国_上海_浦东新区|Pudong New District
en|中国_上海_青浦|Qingpu
en|中国_上海_松江|Songjiang
en|中国_上海_徐汇|Xuhui
en|中国_上海_杨浦|Yangpu
en|中国_上海_闸北|Zhabei
en|中国_山西|Shanxi
en|中国_山西_长治|Changzhi
en|中国_山西_大同|Datong
en|中国_山西_晋城|Jincheng
en|中国_山西_晋中|Jinzhong
en|中国_山西_临汾|Linfen
en|中国_山西_吕梁|Luliang
en|中国_山西_朔州|Shuozhou
en|中国_山西_太原|Taiyuan
en|中国_山西_忻州|Xinzhou
en|中国_山西_阳泉|Yangquan
en|中国_山西_运城|Yuncheng
en|中国_四川|Sichuan
en|中国_四川_阿坝|Aba
en|中国_四川_成都|Chengdu
en|中国_四川_德阳|Deyang
en|中国_四川_达州|Florida
en|中国_四川_甘孜|Ganzi
en|中国_四川_广元|Guangyuan
en|中国_四川_广安|Kwong
en|中国_四川_乐山|Leshan
en|中国_四川_凉山|Liangshan
en|中国_四川_泸州|Luzhou
en|中国_四川_眉山|Meishan
en|中国_四川_绵阳|Mianyang
en|中国_四川_南充|Nanchong
en|中国_四川_内江|Neijiang
en|中国_四川_巴中|Pakistan
en|中国_四川_攀枝花|Panzhihua
en|中国_四川_遂宁|Suining
en|中国_四川_雅安|Yaan
en|中国_四川_宜宾|Yibin
en|中国_四川_自贡|Zigong
en|中国_四川_资阳|Ziyang
en|中国_台湾|Taiwan
en|中国_台湾_彰化县|Changhua County
en|中国_台湾_嘉义市|Chiayi City
en|中国_台湾_嘉义县|Chiayi County
en|中国_台湾_新竹市|Hsinchu City
en|中国_台湾_新竹县|Hsinchu County
en|中国_台湾_花莲县|Hualien County
en|中国_台湾_高雄市|Kaohsiung City
en|中国_台湾_基隆市|Keelung City
en|中国_台湾_金门县|Kinmen County
en|中国_台湾_连江县|Lianjiang County
en|中国_台湾_苗栗县|Miaoli County
en|中国_台湾_南投县|Nantou County
en|中国_台湾_新北市|New Taipei City
en|中国_台湾_澎湖县|Penghu County
en|中国_台湾_屏东县|Pingtung County
en|中国_台湾_台中市|Taichung City
en|中国_台湾_台南市|Tainan City
en|中国_台湾_台北市|Taipei
en|中国_台湾_台东县|Taitung County
en|中国_台湾_桃园县|Taoyuan County
en|中国_台湾_宜兰县|Yilan County
en|中国_台湾_云林县|Yunlin County
en|中国_天津|Tianjin
en|中国_天津_宝坻|Baodi
en|中国_天津_滨海新区|Binhai New Area
en|中国_天津_河北|Hebei
en|中国_天津_静海|Jinghai
en|中国_天津_津南|Jinnan
en|中国_天津_蓟县|Jixian
en|中国_天津_南开|Nankai
en|中国_天津_宁河|Ninghe
en|中国_天津_北辰|North Star
en|中国_天津_和平|Peace
en|中国_天津_红桥|Red Bridge
en|中国_天津_东丽|Toray
en|中国_天津_西青|West Green
en|中国_天津_武清|Wuqing
en|中国_天津_河东|east
en|中国_天津_河西|west
en|中国_西藏|Tibet
en|中国_西藏_阿里|Ali
en|中国_西藏_拉萨|Lhasa
en|中国_西藏_那曲|Nagqu
en|中国_西藏_林芝|Nyingchi
en|中国_西藏_昌都|Qamdo
en|中国_西藏_山南|Shannan
en|中国_西藏_日喀则|Shigatse
en|中国_新疆|Xinjiang
en|中国_新疆_阿克苏|Aksu
en|中国_新疆_阿勒泰|Altay
en|中国_新疆_阿拉尔|Arar
en|中国_新疆_巴音郭楞|Bayingolin
en|中国_新疆_博尔塔拉|Bortala
en|中国_新疆_昌吉|Changji
en|中国_新疆_图木舒克|Figure wooden Shook
en|中国_新疆_哈密|Hamilton
en|中国_新疆_和田|Hotan
en|中国_新疆_伊犁|Ili
en|中国_新疆_克拉玛依|Karamay
en|中国_新疆_喀什|Kashgar
en|中国_新疆_克孜勒苏|Kizilsu
en|中国_新疆_石河子|Shihezi
en|中国_新疆_塔城|Tacheng
en|中国_新疆_吐鲁番|Turpan
en|中国_新疆_乌鲁木齐|Urumqi
en|中国_新疆_五家渠|Wujiaqu
en|中国_云南|Yunnan
en|中国_云南_保山|Baoshan
en|中国_云南_楚雄|Chuxiong
en|中国_云南_大理|Dali
en|中国_云南_德宏|Devon
en|中国_云南_迪庆|Diqing
en|中国_云南_昆明|Kunming
en|中国_云南_丽江|Lijiang
en|中国_云南_临沧|Lincang
en|中国_云南_怒江|Nu
en|中国_云南_普洱|Pu'er
en|中国_云南_曲靖|Qujing
en|中国_云南_红河|Red
en|中国_云南_文山|Wenshan
en|中国_云南_西双版纳|Xishuangbanna
en|中国_云南_玉溪|Yuxi
en|中国_云南_昭通|Zhaotong
en|中国_浙江|Zhejiang
en|中国_浙江_杭州|Hangzhou
en|中国_浙江_湖州|Huzhou
en|中国_浙江_嘉兴|Jiaxing
en|中国_浙江_金华|Jinhua
en|中国_浙江_丽水|Lishui
en|中国_浙江_宁波|Ningbo
en|中国_浙江_衢州|Quzhou
en|中国_浙江_绍兴|Shaoxing
en|中国_浙江_台州|Taizhou
en|中国_浙江_温州|Wenzhou
en|中国_浙江_舟山|Zhoushan
en|哥伦比亚|Columbia
en|科摩罗|Comoros
en|刚果民主共和国|Congo-Kinshasa
en|刚果共和国|Congo-Brazzaville
en|库克群岛|Cook Islands
en|哥斯达黎加|Costa Rica
en|科特迪瓦|Cote d'lvoire
en|克罗地亚|Croatia
en|古巴|Cuba
en|塞浦路斯|Cyprus
en|捷克共和国|Czech Republic
en|丹麦|Denmark
en|吉布提|Djibouti
en|多米尼加|Domilica
en|多米尼加共和国|Dominican Republic
en|厄瓜多尔|Ecuador
en|埃及|Egypt
en|萨尔瓦多|EI Salvador
en|赤道几内亚|Equatorial Guinea
en|厄立特里亚|Eritrea
en|爱沙尼亚|Estonia
en|埃塞俄比亚|Ethiopia
en|福克兰群岛|Falkland Islands
en|法罗群岛|Faroe Islands
en|斐济|Fiji Islands
en|芬兰|Finland
en|法国|France
en|法国_艾克斯|Aix-en-Provence
en|法国_阿雅克修|Ajaccio
en|法国_亚眠|Amiens
en|法国_阿尔勒|Arles
en|法国_贝桑松|Besancon
en|法国_卡昂|Caen
en|法国_沙隆|Chalons-en-Champagne
en|法国_第戎|Dijon
en|法国_弗雷瑞斯|Fréjus
en|法国_里尔|Lille
en|法国_利摩日|Limoges
en|法国_里昂|Lyon
en|法国_马赛|Marseille
en|法国_梅斯|Metz
en|法国_蒙彼利埃|Montpellier
en|法国_南特|Nantes
en|法国_尼斯|Nice
en|法国_奥尔良|Orleans
en|法国_巴黎|Paris
en|法国_雷恩|Rennes
en|法国_鲁昂|Rouen
en|法国_图卢兹|Toulouse
en|法国_瓦朗斯|Valence
en|法属波利尼西亚|French Polynesia
en|加蓬|Gabon
en|冈比亚|Gambia
en|乔治亚|Georgia
en|德国|Germany
en|德国_安斯巴格|Ansbach
en|德国_阿恩斯贝格|Arnsberg
en|德国_奥格斯堡|Augsburg
en|德国_拜伊罗特|Bayreuth
en|德国_柏林|Berlin
en|德国_比勒费尔德|Bielefeld
en|德国_波鸿|Bochum
en|德国_不来梅|Bremen
en|德国_不伦瑞克|Brunswick
en|德国_开姆尼斯|Chemnitz
en|德国_科隆|Cologne
en|德国_达姆施塔特|Darmstadt
en|德国_德绍|Dessau
en|德国_代特莫尔特|Detmold
en|德国_德累斯顿|Dresden
en|德国_杜塞尔多夫|Dusseldorf
en|德国_爱尔福特|Erfurt
en|德国_法兰克福|Frankfurt
en|德国_弗赖堡|Freiburg
en|德国_吉森|GieBen
en|德国_哈雷|Halle
en|德国_汉堡|Hamburg
en|德国_汉诺威|Hannover
en|德国_卡尔斯鲁厄|Karlsruhe
en|德国_卡塞尔|Kassel
en|德国_基尔|Kiel
en|德国_科布伦次|Koblenz
en|德国_兰茨胡特|Landshut
en|德国_莱比锡|Leipzig
en|德国_吕讷堡|Luneburg
en|德国_马格德堡|Magdeburg
en|德国_美因兹|Mainz
en|德国_曼海姆|Mannheim
en|德国_明斯特|Muenster
en|德国_慕尼黑|Munich
en|德国_纽伦堡|Nuremberg
en|德国_波茨坦|Potsdam
en|德国_什未林|Schwerin
en|德国_斯图加特|Stuttgart
en|德国_特里尔|Trier
en|德国_威斯巴登|Wiesbaden
en|德国_维尔茨堡|Wuerzburg
en|加纳|Ghana
en|直布罗陀|Gibraltar
en|希腊|Greece
en|格陵兰|Greenland
en|格林纳达|Grenada
en|关岛|Guam
en|危地马拉|Guatemala
en|格恩西岛|Guernsey
en|几内亚|Guinea
en|几内亚比绍|Guinea-Bissau
en|圭亚那|Guyana
en|海地|Haiti
en|洪都拉斯|Honduras
en|中国香港|Hong Kong
en|中国香港_中西区|Central and Western
en|中国香港_东区|Eastern
en|中国香港_离岛区|Islands
en|中国香港_九龙城区|Kowloon City
en|中国香港_葵青区|Kwai Tsing
en|中国香港_观塘区|Kwun Tong
en|中国香港_北区|North
en|中国香港_西贡区|Sai Kung
en|中国香港_沙田区|Sha Tin
en|中国香港_深水埗区|Sham Shui Po
en|中国香港_南区|Southern
en|中国香港_大埔区|Tai Po
en|中国香港_荃湾区|Tsuen Wan
en|中国香港_屯门区|Tuen Mun
en|中国香港_湾仔区|Wan Chai
en|中国香港_黄大仙区|Wong Tai Sin
en|中国香港_油尖旺区|Yau Tsim Mong
en|中国香港_元朗区|Yuen Long
en|匈牙利|Hungary
en|匈牙利_巴奇-基什孔|Bacs-Kiskun
en|匈牙利_巴兰尼亚|Baranya
en|匈牙利_贝凯什|Bekes
en|匈牙利_包尔绍德-奥包乌伊-曾普伦|Borsod-Abauj-Zemplen
en|匈牙利_布达佩斯|Budapest
en|匈牙利_琼格拉德|Csongrad
en|匈牙利_费耶尔|Fejer
en|匈牙利_杰尔-莫松-肖普朗|Gyor-Moson-Sopron
en|匈牙利_豪伊杜-比豪尔|Hajdú-Bihar
en|匈牙利_赫维什|Heves
en|匈牙利_加兹-纳杰孔-索尔诺克|Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok
en|匈牙利_科马罗姆|Komarom-Esztergom
en|匈牙利_诺格拉德|Nograd
en|匈牙利_佩斯|Pest
en|匈牙利_绍莫吉|Somogy
en|匈牙利_索博尔奇-索特马尔-贝拉格|Szabolcs-Szatmar-Bereg
en|匈牙利_托尔瑙|Tolna
en|匈牙利_沃什|Vas
en|匈牙利_维斯普雷姆|Veszprem
en|匈牙利_佐洛|Zala
en|冰岛|Iceland
en|印度|India
en|印度_阿加尔塔拉|Agartala
en|印度_阿格拉|Agra
en|印度_艾哈迈达巴德|Ahmedabad
en|印度_艾藻尔|Aizawl
en|印度_阿里格尔|Aligarh
en|印度_阿拉哈巴德|Allahabad
en|印度_阿姆利则|Amritsar
en|印度_奥兰加巴德|Aurangabad
en|印度_班加罗尔|Bangalore
en|印度_巴罗达|Baroda
en|印度_博帕尔|Bhopal
en|印度_布巴内斯瓦尔|Bhubaneswar
en|印度_波卡罗|Bokaro
en|印度_昌迪加尔|Chandigarh
en|印度_金奈|Chennai
en|印度_科钦|Cochin
en|印度_哥印拜陀|Coimbatore
en|印度_克塔克|Cuttack
en|印度_德拉敦|Dehradun
en|印度_迪马普尔|Dimapur
en|印度_杜加浦|Durgapur
en|印度_法里达巴德|Faridabad
en|印度_甘地讷格尔|Gandhinagar
en|印度_加济阿巴德|Ghaziabad
en|印度_果阿|Goa
en|印度_古尔加翁|Gurgaon
en|印度_古瓦哈提|Guwahati
en|印度_瓜廖尔|Gwalior
en|印度_海德拉巴|Hyderabad
en|印度_因帕尔|Imphal
en|印度_印多尔|Indore
en|印度_贾巴尔普尔|Jabalpur
en|印度_斋普尔|Jaipur
en|印度_查谟|Jammu
en|印度_贾姆纳格尔|Jamnagar
en|印度_詹谢普尔|Jamshedpur
en|印度_焦特布尔|Jodhpur
en|印度_贾朗达尔|Jullundhar
en|印度_坎普尔|Kanpur
en|印度_戈尔|Kolhapur
en|印度_加尔各答|Kolkata
en|印度_勒克瑙|Lucknow
en|印度_卢迪亚纳|Ludhiana
en|印度_马杜赖|Madurai
en|印度_芒格洛尔|Mangalore
en|印度_马尔高|Margao
en|印度_孟买|Mumbai
en|印度_迈索尔|Mysore
en|印度_那格浦尔|Nagpur
en|印度_邦纳西克|Nasik
en|印度_新德里|New Delhi
en|印度_诺伊达|Noida
en|印度_潘吉姆|Panjim
en|印度_巴特那|Patna
en|印度_本地治里|Pondicherry
en|印度_浦那|Pune
en|印度_赖布尔|Raipur
en|印度_拉杰果德|Rajkot
en|印度_兰契|Ranchi
en|印度_鲁尔克拉|Rourkela
en|印度_塞勒姆|Salem
en|印度_塞康德拉巴德|Secunderabad
en|印度_西隆|Shillong
en|印度_西里古里|Siliguri
en|印度_斯利那加|Srinagar
en|印度_苏拉|Sura
en|印度_塔那|Thane
en|印度_特里凡得琅|Thiruvananthapuram
en|印度_蒂鲁吉拉伯利|Tiruchirappalli
en|印度_乌代布尔|Udaipur
en|印度_瓦拉纳西|Varanasi
en|印度_韦洛尔|Vellore
en|印度_维杰亚瓦达|Vijayawada
en|印度_維沙哈巴南|Visakhapatnam
en|印度尼西亚|Indonesia
en|印度尼西亚_亚齐|Aceh
en|印度尼西亚_巴厘|Bali
en|印度尼西亚_万丹|Banten
en|印度尼西亚_明古鲁|Bengkulu
en|印度尼西亚_日惹特区|Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta
en|印度尼西亚_大雅加达首都特区|Daerah Tingkat I Kalimantan Barat
en|印度尼西亚_伊里安查亚|Irian Jaya
en|印度尼西亚_雅加达|Jakarta Raya
en|印度尼西亚_占碑|Jambi
en|印度尼西亚_西爪哇|Java Barat
en|印度尼西亚_中爪哇|Java Tengah
en|印度尼西亚_东爪哇|Java Timur
en|印度尼西亚_南加里曼丹|Kalimantan Selatan
en|印度尼西亚_中加里曼丹|Kalimantan Tengah
en|印度尼西亚_东加里曼丹|Kalimantan Timur
en|印度尼西亚_邦加-勿里洞群岛|Kepulauan Bangka Belitung
en|印度尼西亚_楠榜|Lampung
en|印度尼西亚_马鲁古|Maluku
en|印度尼西亚_西努沙登加拉|Nusa Tenggara Barat
en|印度尼西亚_东努沙登加拉|Nusa Tenggara Timur
en|印度尼西亚_廖内|Riau
en|印度尼西亚_南苏拉威西|Sulawesi Selatan
en|印度尼西亚_中苏拉威西|Sulawesi Tengah
en|印度尼西亚_东南苏拉威西|Sulawesi Tenggara
en|印度尼西亚_北苏拉威西|Sulawesi Utara
en|印度尼西亚_西苏门答腊|Sumatera Barat
en|印度尼西亚_南苏门答腊|Sumatera Selatan
en|印度尼西亚_北苏门答腊|Sumatera Utara
en|伊朗|Iran
en|伊拉克|Iraq
en|爱尔兰|Ireland
en|爱尔兰_卡洛|Carlow
en|爱尔兰_卡范|Cavan
en|爱尔兰_克莱尔|Clare
en|爱尔兰_科克|Cork
en|爱尔兰_多内加尔|Donegal
en|爱尔兰_都柏林|Dublin
en|爱尔兰_戈尔韦|Galway
en|爱尔兰_凯里|Kerry
en|爱尔兰_基尔代尔|Kildare
en|爱尔兰_基尔肯尼|Kilkenny
en|爱尔兰_崂斯|Laois
en|爱尔兰_利特里姆|Leitrim
en|爱尔兰_利默里克|Limerick
en|爱尔兰_朗福德|Longford
en|爱尔兰_劳斯|Louth
en|爱尔兰_梅奥|Mayo
en|爱尔兰_米斯|Meath
en|爱尔兰_莫内根|Monaghan
en|爱尔兰_奥法利|Offaly
en|爱尔兰_罗斯康芒|Roscommon
en|爱尔兰_斯莱戈|Sligo
en|爱尔兰_蒂珀雷里|Tipperary
en|爱尔兰_沃特福德|Waterford
en|爱尔兰_西米斯|Westmeath
en|爱尔兰_韦克斯福德|Wexford
en|爱尔兰_威克洛|Wicklow
en|曼岛|Isle of Man
en|以色列|Israel
en|意大利|Italy
en|意大利_阿格里真托|Agrigento
en|意大利_亚历山德里亚|Alessandria
en|意大利_安科纳|Ancona
en|意大利_奥斯塔|Aosta
en|意大利_阿雷佐|Arezzo
en|意大利_阿斯科利皮切诺|Ascoli Piceno
en|意大利_阿斯蒂|Asti
en|意大利_巴里|Bari
en|意大利_巴列塔-安德里亚-特拉尼|Barletta-Andria-Trani
en|意大利_贝卢诺|Belluno
en|意大利_贝内文托|Benevento
en|意大利_贝加莫|Bergamo
en|意大利_布拉|Biella
en|意大利_博洛尼亚|Bologna
en|意大利_博尔扎诺|Bolzano
en|意大利_布雷西亚|Brescia
en|意大利_布林迪西|Brindisi
en|意大利_卡利亚里|Cagliari
en|意大利_坎波巴索|Campobasso
en|意大利_卡博尼亚-伊格莱西亚斯|Carbonia-Iglesias
en|意大利_卡塞塔|Caserta
en|意大利_卡塔尼亚|Catania
en|意大利_卡坦扎罗|Catanzaro
en|意大利_基耶蒂|Chieti
en|意大利_科摩|Como
en|意大利_科森扎|Cosenza
en|意大利_克罗托内|Crotone
en|意大利_库内奥|Cuneo
en|意大利_恩纳|Enna
en|意大利_费尔莫|Fermo
en|意大利_费拉拉|Ferrara
en|意大利_佛罗伦萨|Firenze
en|意大利_福贾|Foggia
en|意大利_弗利-切塞纳|Forlì-Cesena
en|意大利_费辛隆尼|Frosinone
en|意大利_热那亚|Genova
en|意大利_戈里齐亚|Gorizia
en|意大利_格罗塞托|Grosseto
en|意大利_因佩里亚|Imperia
en|意大利_伊塞尔尼亚|Isernia
en|意大利_拉奎拉|L'Aquila
en|意大利_拉斯佩齐亚|La Spezia
en|意大利_拉丁|Latina
en|意大利_莱切|Lecce
en|意大利_莱科|Lecco
en|意大利_里窝那|Livorno
en|意大利_洛迪|Lodi
en|意大利_卢卡|Lucca
en|意大利_马切拉塔|Macerata
en|意大利_曼图亚|Mantova
en|意大利_马萨|Massa-Carrara
en|意大利_马泰拉|Matera
en|意大利_墨西拿|Messina
en|意大利_米兰|Milano
en|意大利_摩德纳|Modena
en|意大利_蒙扎|Monza e Brianza
en|意大利_那不勒斯|Napoli
en|意大利_诺瓦拉|Novara
en|意大利_努奥罗|Nuoro
en|意大利_奥尔比亚|Olbia-Tempio
en|意大利_奥里斯塔诺|Oristano
en|意大利_帕多瓦|Padova
en|意大利_巴勒莫|Palermo
en|意大利_帕尔马|Parma
en|意大利_帕维亚|Pavia
en|意大利_佩鲁贾|Perugia
en|意大利_佩萨罗|Pesaro
en|意大利_佩斯卡拉|Pescara
en|意大利_皮亚琴察|Piacenza
en|意大利_比萨|Pisa
en|意大利_皮斯托亚|Pistoia
en|意大利_波代诺内|Pordenone
en|意大利_波坦察|Potenza
en|意大利_普拉托|Prato
en|意大利_拉古萨|Ragusa
en|意大利_拉文纳|Ravenna
en|意大利_雷焦卡拉布里亚|Reggio Calabria
en|意大利_雷焦艾米利亚|Reggio Emilia
en|意大利_列蒂|Rieti
en|意大利_里米尼|Rimini
en|意大利_罗马|Roma
en|意大利_罗维戈|Rovigo
en|意大利_萨莱诺|Salerno
en|意大利_萨萨里|Sassari
en|意大利_萨沃纳|Savona
en|意大利_锡耶纳|Siena
en|意大利_锡拉库扎|Siracusa
en|意大利_松德里奥|Sondrio
en|意大利_塔兰托|Taranto
en|意大利_泰拉莫|Teramo
en|意大利_特尔尼|Terni
en|意大利_都灵|Torino
en|意大利_特拉帕尼|Trapani
en|意大利_特伦托|Trento
en|意大利_特雷维索|Treviso
en|意大利_的里雅斯特|Trieste
en|意大利_乌迪内|Udine
en|意大利_瓦雷泽|Varese
en|意大利_威尼斯|Venezia
en|意大利_韦巴诺-库西奥-奥索拉|Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
en|意大利_韦尔切利|Vercelli
en|意大利_维罗纳|Verona
en|意大利_伦蒂亚|Vibo-valentia
en|意大利_维琴察|Vicenza
en|意大利_维泰博|Viterbo
en|牙买加|Jamaica
en|日本|Japan
en|日本_爱知|Aichi
en|日本_秋田|Akita
en|日本_青森|Aomori
en|日本_千叶|Chiba
en|日本_爱媛|Ehime
en|日本_福井|Fukui
en|日本_福冈|Fukuoka
en|日本_福岛|Fukushima
en|日本_岐阜|Gifu
en|日本_群马|Gunma
en|日本_广岛|Hiroshima
en|日本_北海道|Hokkaido
en|日本_兵库|Hyogo
en|日本_茨城|Ibaraki
en|日本_石川|Ishikawa
en|日本_岩手|Iwate
en|日本_香川|Kagawa
en|日本_鹿儿岛|Kagoshima
en|日本_神奈川|Kanagawa
en|日本_高知|Kochi
en|日本_熊本|Kumamoto
en|日本_京都|Kyoto
en|日本_三重|Mie
en|日本_宮城|Miyagi
en|日本_宫崎|Miyazaki
en|日本_长野|Nagano
en|日本_长崎|Nagasaki
en|日本_奈良|Nara
en|日本_新潟|Niigata
en|日本_大分|Oita
en|日本_冈山|Okayama
en|日本_冲绳|Okinawa
en|日本_大阪|Osaka
en|日本_佐贺|Saga
en|日本_埼玉|Saitama
en|日本_滋贺|Shiga
en|日本_岛根|Shimane
en|日本_静冈|Shizuoka
en|日本_枥木|Tochigi
en|日本_徳岛|Tokushima
en|日本_东京|Tokyo
en|日本_鸟取|Tottori
en|日本_富山|Toyama
en|日本_和歌山|Wakayama
en|日本_山形|Yamagata
en|日本_山口|Yamaguchi
en|日本_山梨|Yamanashi
en|泽西岛|Jersey
en|约旦|Jordan
en|哈萨克斯坦|Kazakhstan
en|肯尼亚|Kenya
en|基里巴斯|Kiribati
en|韩国|Korea
en|韩国_釜山|Busan
en|韩国_庆尚北道|Chungcheongbuk-do
en|韩国_庆尚北道_安东市|Andong
en|韩国_庆尚北道_奉化郡|Bonghwa County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_淸道郡|Cheongdo County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_靑松郡|Cheongsong County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_漆谷郡|Chilgok County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_金泉市|Gimcheon
en|韩国_庆尚北道_高灵郡|Goryeong County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_龟尾市|Gumi
en|韩国_庆尚北道_军威郡|Gunwi County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_庆州市|Gyeongju
en|韩国_庆尚北道_庆山市|Gyeongsan
en|韩国_庆尚北道_闻庆市|Mungyeong
en|韩国_庆尚北道_浦项市|Pohang
en|韩国_庆尚北道_尙州市|Sangju
en|韩国_庆尚北道_星州郡|Seongju County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_义城郡|Uiseong County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_蔚珍郡|Uljin County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_郁陵郡|Ulleung County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_醴泉郡|Yecheon County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_永川市|Yeongcheon
en|韩国_庆尚北道_盈德郡|Yeongdeok County
en|韩国_庆尚北道_荣州市|Yeongju
en|韩国_庆尚北道_英阳郡|Yeongyang County
en|韩国_庆尚南道|Chungcheongnam-do
en|韩国_庆尚南道_昌宁郡|Changnyeong County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_昌原市|Changwon
en|韩国_庆尚南道_居昌郡|Geochang County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_巨济市|Geoje
en|韩国_庆尚南道_金海市|Gimhae
en|韩国_庆尚南道_固城郡|Goseong County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_河东郡|Hadong County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_咸安郡|Haman County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_咸阳郡|Hamyang County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_陜川郡|Hapcheon County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_鎭海市|Jinhae
en|韩国_庆尚南道_晋州市|Jinju
en|韩国_庆尚南道_马山市|Masan
en|韩国_庆尚南道_密阳市|Miryang
en|韩国_庆尚南道_南海郡|Namhae County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_泗川市|Sacheon
en|韩国_庆尚南道_山淸郡|Sancheong County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_统营市|Tongyeong
en|韩国_庆尚南道_宜宁郡|Uiryeong County
en|韩国_庆尚南道_梁山市|Yangsan
en|韩国_大邱|Daegu
en|韩国_大邱_大邱|Daegu
en|韩国_大邱_达城郡|Dalseong-gun
en|韩国_大邱_寿城区|Suseong-gu
en|韩国_大田|Daejeon
en|韩国_江原道|Gangwon-do
en|韩国_江原道_铁原郡|Cheorwon County
en|韩国_江原道_春川市|Chuncheon
en|韩国_江原道_东海市|Donghae
en|韩国_江原道_江陵市|Gangneung
en|韩国_江原道_高城郡|Goseong County
en|韩国_江原道_横城郡|Hoengseong County
en|韩国_江原道_洪川郡|Hongcheon County
en|韩国_江原道_华川郡|Hwacheon County
en|韩国_江原道_麟蹄郡|Inje County
en|韩国_江原道_旌善郡|Jeongseon County
en|韩国_江原道_平昌郡|Pyeongchang County
en|韩国_江原道_三陟市|Samcheok
en|韩国_江原道_束草市|Sokcho
en|韩国_江原道_太白市|Taebaek
en|韩国_江原道_原州市|Wonju
en|韩国_江原道_杨口郡|Yanggu County
en|韩国_江原道_襄阳郡|Yangyang County
en|韩国_江原道_宁越郡|Yeongwol County
en|韩国_光州|Gwangju
en|韩国_济州特别自治道|Gyeonggi-do
en|韩国_全罗北道|Gyeongsangbuk-do
en|韩国_全罗北道_扶安郡|Buan County
en|韩国_全罗北道_金堤市|Gimje
en|韩国_全罗北道_高敞郡|Gochang County
en|韩国_全罗北道_群山市|Gunsan
en|韩国_全罗北道_益山市|Iksan
en|韩国_全罗北道_任实郡|Imsil County
en|韩国_全罗北道_长水郡|Jangsu County
en|韩国_全罗北道_井邑市|Jeongeup
en|韩国_全罗北道_全州市|Jeonju
en|韩国_全罗北道_鎭安郡|Jinan County
en|韩国_全罗北道_茂朱郡|Muju County
en|韩国_全罗北道_南原市|Namwon
en|韩国_全罗北道_淳昌郡|Sunchang County
en|韩国_全罗北道_完州郡|Wanju County
en|韩国_全罗南道|Gyeongsangnam-do
en|韩国_全罗南道_宝城郡|Boseong County
en|韩国_全罗南道_潭阳郡|Damyang County
en|韩国_全罗南道_康津郡|Gangjin County
en|韩国_全罗南道_高兴郡|Goheung County
en|韩国_全罗南道_谷城郡|Gokseong County
en|韩国_全罗南道_求礼郡|Gurye County
en|韩国_全罗南道_光阳市|Gwangyang
en|韩国_全罗南道_海南郡|Haenam County
en|韩国_全罗南道_咸平郡|Hampyeong County
en|韩国_全罗南道_和顺郡|Hwasun County
en|韩国_全罗南道_长兴郡|Jangheung County
en|韩国_全罗南道_长城郡|Jangseong County
en|韩国_全罗南道_珍岛郡|Jindo County
en|韩国_全罗南道_木浦市|Mokpo
en|韩国_全罗南道_务安郡|Muan County
en|韩国_全罗南道_罗州市|Naju
en|韩国_全罗南道_新安郡|Sinan County
en|韩国_全罗南道_顺天市|Suncheon
en|韩国_全罗南道_莞岛郡|Wando County
en|韩国_全罗南道_灵岩郡|Yeongam County
en|韩国_全罗南道_灵光郡|Yeonggwang County
en|韩国_全罗南道_丽水市|Yeosu
en|韩国_仁川|Incheon
en|韩国_济州岛|Jeju-do
en|韩国_济州岛_安山市|Ansan
en|韩国_济州岛_安城市|Anseong
en|韩国_济州岛_安养市|Anyang
en|韩国_济州岛_富川市|Bucheon
en|韩国_济州岛_东豆川市|Dongducheon
en|韩国_济州岛_加平郡|Gapyeong County
en|韩国_济州岛_金浦市|Gimpo
en|韩国_济州岛_高阳市|Goyang
en|韩国_济州岛_军浦市|Gunpo
en|韩国_济州岛_九里市|Guri
en|韩国_济州岛_果川市|Gwacheon
en|韩国_济州岛_广州市|Gwangju
en|韩国_济州岛_光明市|Gwangmyeong
en|韩国_济州岛_河南市|Hanam
en|韩国_济州岛_华城市|Hwaseong
en|韩国_济州岛_利川市|Icheon
en|韩国_济州岛_南杨州市|Namyangju
en|韩国_济州岛_乌山市|Osan
en|韩国_济州岛_坡州市|Paju
en|韩国_济州岛_抱川市|Pocheon
en|韩国_济州岛_平泽市|Pyeongtaek
en|韩国_济州岛_城南市|Seongnam
en|韩国_济州岛_始兴市|Siheung
en|韩国_济州岛_水原市|Suwon
en|韩国_济州岛_议政府|Uijeongbu
en|韩国_济州岛_仪旺市|Uiwang
en|韩国_济州岛_杨州市|Yangju
en|韩国_济州岛_扬平郡|Yangpyeong County
en|韩国_济州岛_骊州郡|Yeoju County
en|韩国_济州岛_涟川郡|Yeoncheon County
en|韩国_济州岛_龙仁市|Yongin
en|韩国_忠清北道|Jeollabuk-do
en|韩国_忠清北道_报恩郡|Boeun County
en|韩国_忠清北道_淸州市|Cheongju
en|韩国_忠清北道_淸原郡|Cheongwon County
en|韩国_忠清北道_忠州市|Chungju
en|韩国_忠清北道_丹阳郡|Danyang County
en|韩国_忠清北道_阴城郡|Eumseong County
en|韩国_忠清北道_槐山郡|Goesan County
en|韩国_忠清北道_堤川市|Jecheon
en|韩国_忠清北道_曾坪郡|Jeungpyeong County
en|韩国_忠清北道_鎭川郡|Jincheon County
en|韩国_忠清北道_沃川郡|Okcheon County
en|韩国_忠清北道_永同郡|Yeongdong County
en|韩国_忠清南道|Jeollanam-do
en|韩国_忠清南道_牙山市|Asan
en|韩国_忠清南道_保宁市|Boryeong
en|韩国_忠清南道_扶余郡|Buyeo County
en|韩国_忠清南道_天安市|Cheonan
en|韩国_忠清南道_青阳郡|Cheongyang County
en|韩国_忠清南道_唐津郡|Dangjin County
en|韩国_忠清南道_锦山郡|Geumsan County
en|韩国_忠清南道_公州市|Gongju
en|韩国_忠清南道_鸡龙市|Gyeryong
en|韩国_忠清南道_洪城郡|Hongseong County
en|韩国_忠清南道_论山市|Nonsan
en|韩国_忠清南道_舒川郡|Seocheon County
en|韩国_忠清南道_瑞山市|Seosan
en|韩国_忠清南道_泰安郡|Taean County
en|韩国_忠清南道_燕岐郡|Yeongi County
en|韩国_忠清南道_礼山郡|Yesan County
en|韩国_首尔|Seoul
en|韩国_蔚山|Ulsan
en|科威特|Kuwait
en|吉尔吉斯斯坦|Kyrgyzstan
en|老挝|Laos
en|拉脱维亚|Latvia
en|黎巴嫩|Lebanon
en|莱索托|Lesotho
en|利比里亚|Liberia
en|利比亚|Libya
en|列支敦士登|Liechtenstein
en|立陶宛|Lithuania
en|卢森堡|Luxembourg
en|中国澳门|Macao
en|中国澳门_大堂区|Cathedral
en|中国澳门_路环岛|Coloane
en|中国澳门_花地玛堂区|Fatima
en|中国澳门_圣安多尼堂区|St. Anthony
en|中国澳门_风顺堂区|St. Lawrence
en|中国澳门_望德堂区|St. Lazarus
en|中国澳门_氹仔|Taipa
en|马其顿|Macedonia,Former Yugoslav Republic of
en|马达加斯加|Madagascar
en|马拉维|Malawi
en|马来西亚|Malaysia
en|马来西亚_柔佛|Johor
en|马来西亚_柔佛_峇株巴辖|Batu Pahat
en|马来西亚_柔佛_新山|Johor Bahru
en|马来西亚_柔佛_居銮|Kluang
en|马来西亚_柔佛_哥打丁宜|Kota Tinggi
en|马来西亚_柔佛_丰盛港|Mersing
en|马来西亚_柔佛_麻坡|Muar
en|马来西亚_柔佛_笨珍|Pontian
en|马来西亚_柔佛_昔加末|Segamat
en|马来西亚_吉打|Kedah
en|马来西亚_吉打_华玲|Baling
en|马来西亚_吉打_万拉峇鲁|Bandar Baharu
en|马来西亚_吉打_哥打士打|Kota Setar
en|马来西亚_吉打_瓜拉姆达|Kuala Muda
en|马来西亚_吉打_古邦巴素|Kubang Pasu
en|马来西亚_吉打_居林|Kulim
en|马来西亚_吉打_浮罗交怡|Langkawi
en|马来西亚_吉打_巴东得腊|Padang Terap
en|马来西亚_吉打_笨筒|Pendang
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹|Kelantan
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_登卓|Bachok
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_话望生|Gua Musang
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_日里|Jeli
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_哥打巴鲁|Kota Bharu
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_瓜拉吉赖|Kuala Krai
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_马樟|Machang
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_巴西马|Pasir Mas
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_巴西富地|Pasir Putih
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_丹那美拉|Tanah Merah
en|马来西亚_吉兰丹_道北|Tumpat
en|马来西亚_吉隆坡|Kuala Lumpur
en|马来西亚_吉隆坡_吉隆坡|Kuala Lumpur
en|马来西亚_纳闽|Labuan
en|马来西亚_纳闽_纳闽|Labuan
en|马来西亚_纳闽_维多利亚|Victoria
en|马来西亚_马六甲|Malacca
en|马来西亚_马六甲_亚罗牙也|Alor Gajah
en|马来西亚_马六甲_野新|Jasin
en|马来西亚_马六甲_马六甲市|Melaka
en|马来西亚_森美兰|Negeri Sembilan
en|马来西亚_森美兰_日叻务|Jelebu
en|马来西亚_森美兰_仁保|Jempol
en|马来西亚_森美兰_瓜拉庇劳|Kuala Pilah
en|马来西亚_森美兰_波德申|Port Dickson
en|马来西亚_森美兰_林茂|Rembau
en|马来西亚_森美兰_芙蓉|Seremban
en|马来西亚_森美兰_淡边|Tampin
en|马来西亚_彭亨|Pahang
en|马来西亚_彭亨_文冬|Bentong
en|马来西亚_彭亨_百乐|Bera
en|马来西亚_彭亨_金马仑高原|Cameron Highlands
en|马来西亚_彭亨_而连突|Jerantut
en|马来西亚_彭亨_立卑|Kuala Lipis
en|马来西亚_彭亨_关丹|Kuantan
en|马来西亚_彭亨_马兰|Maran
en|马来西亚_彭亨_北根|Pekan
en|马来西亚_彭亨_劳勿|Raub
en|马来西亚_彭亨_云冰|Rompin
en|马来西亚_彭亨_淡马鲁|Temerloh
en|马来西亚_霹雳|Perak
en|马来西亚_霹雳_华都牙也|Batu Gajah
en|马来西亚_霹雳_怡保|Ipoh
en|马来西亚_霹雳_江沙|Kuala Kangsar
en|马来西亚_霹雳_紅土坎|Lumut
en|马来西亚_霹雳_和丰|Sungai Siput
en|马来西亚_霹雳_太平|Taiping
en|马来西亚_霹雳_丹绒马|Tanjung Malim
en|马来西亚_霹雳_安顺|Teluk Intan
en|马来西亚_玻璃市|Perlis
en|马来西亚_玻璃市_加央|Kangar
en|马来西亚_槟榔屿|Pulau Pinang
en|马来西亚_槟榔屿_大山脚|Bukit Mertajam
en|马来西亚_槟榔屿_北海|Butterworth
en|马来西亚_槟榔屿_槟城|George Town
en|马来西亚_槟榔屿_高渊|Nibong Tebal
en|马来西亚_沙巴|Sabah
en|马来西亚_沙巴_保佛|Beaufort
en|马来西亚_沙巴_比鲁兰|Beluran
en|马来西亚_沙巴_根地咬|Keningau
en|马来西亚_沙巴_京那巴登岸|Kinabatangan
en|马来西亚_沙巴_古打毛律|Kota Belud
en|马来西亚_沙巴_哥打基纳巴鲁|Kota Kinabalu
en|马来西亚_沙巴_哥打马鲁都|Kota Marudu
en|马来西亚_沙巴_瓜拉班尤|Kuala Penyu
en|马来西亚_沙巴_古达|Kudat
en|马来西亚_沙巴_古纳|Kunak
en|马来西亚_沙巴_拿笃|Lahad Datu
en|马来西亚_沙巴_纳巴湾|Nabawan
en|马来西亚_沙巴_吧巴|Papar
en|马来西亚_沙巴_兵南邦|Penampang
en|马来西亚_沙巴_必达士|Pitas
en|马来西亚_沙巴_兰脑|Ranau
en|马来西亚_沙巴_山打根|Sandakan
en|马来西亚_沙巴_仙本那|Semporna
en|马来西亚_沙巴_西比陶|Sipitang
en|马来西亚_沙巴_担布南|Tambunan
en|马来西亚_沙巴_斗湖|Tawau
en|马来西亚_沙巴_丹南|Tenom
en|马来西亚_沙巴_斗亚兰|Tuaran
en|马来西亚_沙捞越|Sarawak
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_木中|Betong
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_民都鲁|Bintulu
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_加帛|Kapit
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_古晋|Kuching
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_林梦|Limbang
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_美里|Miri
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_木胶|Mukah
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_三马拉汉|Samarahan
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_泗里街|Sarikei
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_泗务|Sibu
en|马来西亚_沙捞越_斯里阿曼|Sri Aman
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪|Selangor
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_鹅麦|Gombak
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_乌鲁冷岳|Hulu Langat
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_乌鲁雪兰莪|Hulu Selangor
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_瓜拉冷岳|Kuala Langat
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_瓜拉雪兰莪|Kuala Selangor
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_八打灵|Petaling
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_沙白安南|Sabak Bernam
en|马来西亚_雪兰莪_雪邦|Sepang
en|马来西亚_丁加奴|Terengganu
en|马来西亚_丁加奴_勿述|Besut
en|马来西亚_丁加奴_龙运|Dungun
en|马来西亚_丁加奴_乌鲁|Hulu
en|马来西亚_丁加奴_甘马挽|Kemaman
en|马来西亚_丁加奴_瓜拉丁加奴|Kuala Terengganu
en|马来西亚_丁加奴_马江|Marang
en|马来西亚_丁加奴_实兆|Setiu
en|马尔代夫|Maldives
en|马尔代夫_阿杜|Addu Atoll
en|马尔代夫_法迪福卢|Faadhippolhu
en|马尔代夫_费利杜|Felidhu Atoll
en|马尔代夫_福阿穆拉库|Foammulah
en|马尔代夫_哈杜马蒂|Hadhdhunmathi
en|马尔代夫_科卢马杜卢|Kolhumadulu
en|马尔代夫_马累|Male
en|马尔代夫_马累岛|Male Atoll
en|马尔代夫_穆拉库|Mulakatholhu
en|马尔代夫_北阿里|North Ari Atoll
en|马尔代夫_北苏瓦迪瓦|North Huvadhu Atoll
en|马尔代夫_北马洛斯马杜卢|North Maalhosmadhulu
en|马尔代夫_北米拉杜马杜卢|North Miladhunmadhulu
en|马尔代夫_北尼兰杜|North Nilandhe Atoll
en|马尔代夫_北蒂拉杜马蒂|North Thiladhunmathi
en|马尔代夫_南阿里|South Ari Atoll
en|马尔代夫_南苏瓦迪瓦|South Huvadhu Atoll
en|马尔代夫_南马洛斯马杜卢|South Maalhosmadulu
en|马尔代夫_南米拉杜马杜卢|South Miladhunmadhulu
en|马尔代夫_南尼兰杜|South Nilandhe Atoll
en|马尔代夫_南蒂拉杜马蒂|South Thiladhunmathi
en|马里|Mali
en|马耳他|Malta
en|马绍尔群岛|Marshall Islands
en|毛里塔尼亚|Mauritania
en|毛里求斯|Mauritius
en|马约特|Mayotte
en|墨西哥|Mexico
en|墨西哥_阿卡普尔科|Acapulco
en|墨西哥_阿瓜斯卡连斯特|Aguascalientes
en|墨西哥_贝尼托·胡亚雷斯|Benito Juárez
en|墨西哥_埃佩切|Campeche
en|墨西哥_卡门|Carmen
en|墨西哥_塞拉亚|Celaya
en|墨西哥_切图马尔|Cheturnal
en|墨西哥_奇瓦瓦|Chihuahua
en|墨西哥_奇尔潘辛戈|Chilpancingo
en|墨西哥_夸察夸拉克斯|Coatzacoalcos
en|墨西哥_科利马|Colima
en|墨西哥_库埃纳瓦卡|Cuernavaca
en|墨西哥_库利阿坎|Culiacan
en|墨西哥_杜兰戈|Durango
en|墨西哥_恩塞纳达|Ensenada
en|墨西哥_瓜达拉哈拉|Guadalajara
en|墨西哥_瓜纳华托|Guanajuato
en|墨西哥_埃莫西约|Hermosillo
en|墨西哥_伊拉普阿托|Irapuato
en|墨西哥_哈拉帕|Jalapa
en|墨西哥_华雷斯|Juarez
en|墨西哥_拉巴斯|La Paz
en|墨西哥_莱昂|Leon
en|墨西哥_洛斯莫奇斯|Los Mochis
en|墨西哥_马塔莫罗斯|Matamoros
en|墨西哥_马萨特兰|Mazatlan
en|墨西哥_梅里达|Merida
en|墨西哥_墨西卡利|Mexicali
en|墨西哥_墨西哥城|Mexico City
en|墨西哥_蒙克洛瓦|Monclova
en|墨西哥_蒙特雷|Monterrey
en|墨西哥_莫雷利亚|Morelia
en|墨西哥_诺加莱斯|Nogales
en|墨西哥_新拉雷多|Nuevo Laredo
en|墨西哥_瓦哈卡|Oaxaca
en|墨西哥_奥夫雷贡城|Obregon
en|墨西哥_奥里萨巴|Orizaba
en|墨西哥_帕丘卡|Pachuca
en|墨西哥_波萨里卡|Poza Rica de Hidalgo
en|墨西哥_普埃布拉|Puebla
en|墨西哥_巴亚尔塔港|Puerto Vallarta
en|墨西哥_克雷塔罗|Queretaro
en|墨西哥_雷诺萨|Reynosa
en|墨西哥_萨尔蒂约|Saltillo
en|墨西哥_圣路易斯波托亚|San Luis Potosi
en|墨西哥_坦皮科|Tampico
en|墨西哥_塔帕丘拉|Tapachula
en|墨西哥_特瓦坎|Tehuacán
en|墨西哥_特皮克|Tepic
en|墨西哥_蒂华纳|Tijuana
en|墨西哥_特拉斯卡拉|Tlaxcala
en|墨西哥_托卢卡|Toluca
en|墨西哥_托雷翁|Torreon
en|墨西哥_图斯特拉-古铁雷斯|Tuxtla Gutierrez
en|墨西哥_乌鲁阿潘|Uruapan
en|墨西哥_巴利城|Valles
en|墨西哥_韦拉克鲁斯|Veracruz
en|墨西哥_维多利亚城|Victoria
en|墨西哥_比利亚埃尔莫萨|Villahermosa
en|墨西哥_萨卡特卡斯|Zacatecas
en|密克罗尼西亚联邦|Micronesia
en|摩尔多瓦|Moldova
en|摩纳哥|Monaco
en|蒙古|Mongolia
en|黑山共和国|Montenegro
en|蒙塞拉特群岛|Montserrat
en|摩洛哥|Morocco
en|莫桑比克|Mozambique
en|缅甸|Myanmar
en|纳米比亚|Namibia
en|瑙鲁|Nauru
en|尼泊尔|Nepal
en|荷兰|Netherlands
en|荷兰_斯海尔托亨博思|'s-Hertogenbosch
en|荷兰_阿尔梅勒|Almere
en|荷兰_阿默斯福特|Amersfoort
en|荷兰_阿姆斯特丹|Amsterdam
en|荷兰_阿珀尔多伦|Apeldoorn
en|荷兰_阿纳姆|Arnhem
en|荷兰_阿森|Assen
en|荷兰_布雷达|Breda
en|荷兰_多德雷赫特|Dordrecht
en|荷兰_埃德|Ede
en|荷兰_埃因霍芬|Eindhoven
en|荷兰_埃门|Emmen
en|荷兰_恩斯赫德|Enschede
en|荷兰_格罗宁根|Groningen
en|荷兰_哈勒姆|Haarlem
en|荷兰_海牙|Hague
en|荷兰_霍夫多尔普|Hoofddorp
en|荷兰_吕伐登|Leeuwarden
en|荷兰_莱顿|Leiden
en|荷兰_莱利斯塔德|Lelystad
en|荷兰_马斯特里赫特|Maastricht
en|荷兰_米德尔堡|Middelburg
en|荷兰_奈梅亨|Nijmegen
en|荷兰_鹿特丹|Rotterdam
en|荷兰_蒂尔堡|Tilburg
en|荷兰_乌得勒支|Utrecht
en|荷兰_佐特尔梅|Zoetermeer
en|荷兰_兹沃勒|Zwolle
en|荷属安的列斯群岛|Netherlands Antilles
en|新喀里多尼亚|New Caledonia
en|新西兰|New Zealand
en|新西兰_奥克兰|Auckland
en|新西兰_布莱尼姆|Blenheim
en|新西兰_克赖斯特彻奇|Christchurch
en|新西兰_达尼丁|Dunedin
en|新西兰_北远|Far North
en|新西兰_吉斯伯恩|Gisborne
en|新西兰_格雷茅斯|Greymouth
en|新西兰_哈密尔顿|Hamilton
en|新西兰_黑斯廷斯|Hastings
en|新西兰_因弗卡吉尔|Invercargill
en|新西兰_凯帕拉|Kaipara
en|新西兰_马努考|Manukau
en|新西兰_内皮尔|Napier
en|新西兰_纳尔逊|Nelson
en|新西兰_新普利茅斯|New Plymouth
en|新西兰_北岸|North Shore
en|新西兰_北帕默斯顿|Palmerston North
en|新西兰_里士满|Richmond
en|新西兰_斯特拉特福德|Stratford
en|新西兰_陶马鲁努伊|Taumarunui
en|新西兰_怀塔科拉|Waitakere
en|新西兰_旺格努伊|Wanganui
en|新西兰_瓦卡塔尼|Whakatane
en|新西兰_旺阿雷|Whangarei
en|尼加拉瓜|Nicaragua
en|尼日尔|Niger
en|尼日利亚|Nigeria
en|纽埃|Niue
en|朝鲜|North Korea
en|北马里亚纳群岛|Northern Mariana Islands
en|挪威|Norway
en|阿曼|Oman
en|巴基斯坦|Pakistan
en|帕劳群岛|Palau
en|巴拿马|Panama
en|巴布亚新几内亚|Papua New Guinea
en|巴拉圭|Paraguay
en|秘鲁|Peru
en|菲律宾|Philippines
en|菲律宾_卡卢坎|Caloocan
en|菲律宾_宿务|Cebu
en|菲律宾_达沃|Davao
en|菲律宾_马尼拉|Manila
en|皮特凯恩群岛|Pitcairn Islands
en|波兰|Poland
en|葡萄牙|Portugal
en|葡萄牙_中阿连特茹|Alentejo Central
en|葡萄牙_滨海阿连特茹|Alentejo Litoral
en|葡萄牙_上阿连特茹|Alto Alentejo
en|葡萄牙_上特拉斯山|Alto Tros-os-Montes
en|葡萄牙_万福|Ave
en|葡萄牙_下阿连特茹|Baixo Alentejo
en|葡萄牙_下蒙德古|Baixo Mondego
en|葡萄牙_下伏日|Baixo Vouga
en|葡萄牙_内贝拉北|Beira Interior Norte
en|葡萄牙_内贝拉南|Beira Interior Sul
en|葡萄牙_卡瓦多|Cavado
en|葡萄牙_科瓦贝拉|Cova da Beira
en|葡萄牙_杜罗|Douro
en|葡萄牙_恩特拉杜罗伏日|Entre Douro e Vouga
en|葡萄牙_法鲁|Faro
en|葡萄牙_丰沙尔|Funchal
en|葡萄牙_利巴特茹|Leziria do Tejo
en|葡萄牙_里斯本|Lisboa
en|葡萄牙_梅地奥特茹|Medio Tejo
en|葡萄牙_米尼奥-利马|Minho-Lima
en|葡萄牙_西部|Oeste
en|葡萄牙_塞图巴尔半岛|Peninsula de Setubal
en|葡萄牙_内皮尼亚尔北|Pinhal Interior Norte
en|葡萄牙_内皮尼亚尔南|Pinhal Interior Sul
en|葡萄牙_滨海皮尼亚尔|Pinhal Litoral
en|葡萄牙_蓬塔德尔加达|Ponta Delgada
en|葡萄牙_波尔图|Porto
en|葡萄牙_山后|Serra da Estrela
en|葡萄牙_塔梅加|Tamega
en|波多黎各|Puerto Rico
en|卡塔尔|Qatar
en|留尼旺岛|Reunion
en|罗马尼亚|Romania
en|俄罗斯|Russia
en|俄罗斯_阿巴坎|Abakan
en|俄罗斯_阿金斯科耶|Aginskoye
en|俄罗斯_阿纳德尔|Anadyr
en|俄罗斯_阿尔汉格尔斯克|Arkhangelsk
en|俄罗斯_阿斯特拉罕|Astrakhan
en|俄罗斯_巴尔瑙尔|Barnaul
en|俄罗斯_别尔哥罗德|Belgorod
en|俄罗斯_比罗比詹|Birobidzan
en|俄罗斯_布拉戈维申斯克|Blagoveshchensk
en|俄罗斯_布良斯克|Bryansk
en|俄罗斯_伯力|Chabarovsk
en|俄罗斯_切博克萨雷|Cheboksary
en|俄罗斯_车里雅宾斯克|Chelyabinsk
en|俄罗斯_切尔克斯克|Cherkessk
en|俄罗斯_赤塔|Chita
en|俄罗斯_埃利斯塔|Elista
en|俄罗斯_戈尔诺-阿尔泰斯克|Gorno-Altajsk
en|俄罗斯_格罗兹尼|Grozny
en|俄罗斯_伊尔库茨克|Irkutsk
en|俄罗斯_伊万诺沃|Ivanovo
en|俄罗斯_伊热夫斯克|Izhevsk
en|俄罗斯_雅库茨克|Jakutsk
en|俄罗斯_雅罗斯拉夫尔|Jaroslavl
en|俄罗斯_叶卡捷林堡|Jekaterinburg
en|俄罗斯_南萨哈林斯克|Juzno-Sachalinsk
en|俄罗斯_加里宁格勒|Kaliningrad
en|俄罗斯_卡卢加|Kaluga
en|俄罗斯_喀山|Kazan
en|俄罗斯_克麦罗沃|Kemerovo
en|俄罗斯_汉特-曼西斯克|Khanty-Mansiysk
en|俄罗斯_基洛夫|Kirov
en|俄罗斯_科斯特罗马|Kostroma
en|俄罗斯_克拉斯诺达尔|Krasnodar
en|俄罗斯_克拉斯诺亚尔斯克|Krasnojarsk
en|俄罗斯_库德姆卡尔|Kudymkar
en|俄罗斯_库尔干|Kurgan
en|俄罗斯_库尔斯克|Kursk
en|俄罗斯_克孜勒|Kyzyl
en|俄罗斯_利佩茨克|Lipeck
en|俄罗斯_马加丹|Magadan
en|俄罗斯_马加斯|Magas
en|俄罗斯_马哈奇卡拉|Makhachkala
en|俄罗斯_迈科普|Maykop
en|俄罗斯_莫斯科|Moscow
en|俄罗斯_摩尔曼斯克|Murmansk
en|俄罗斯_纳尔奇克|Nalchik
en|俄罗斯_纳里扬马尔|Naryan-Mar
en|俄罗斯_下诺夫哥罗德|Niznij Novgorod
en|俄罗斯_新西伯利亚|Novosibirsk
en|俄罗斯_鄂木斯克|Omsk
en|俄罗斯_奥廖尔|Orel
en|俄罗斯_奥伦堡|Orenburg
en|俄罗斯_帕拉纳|Palana
en|俄罗斯_奔萨|Penza
en|俄罗斯_彼尔姆|Perm
en|俄罗斯_彼得罗巴甫洛夫斯克|Petropavlovsk-Kamchatskiy
en|俄罗斯_彼得罗扎沃茨克|Petrozavodsk
en|俄罗斯_普斯科夫|Pskov
en|俄罗斯_顿河畔罗斯托夫|Rostov-na-Donu
en|俄罗斯_梁赞|Ryazan
en|俄罗斯_萨列哈尔德|Salekhard
en|俄罗斯_萨马拉|Samara
en|俄罗斯_萨兰斯克|Saransk
en|俄罗斯_萨拉托夫|Saratov
en|俄罗斯_斯摩棱斯克|Smolensk
en|俄罗斯_圣彼得堡|St. Peterburg
en|俄罗斯_斯塔夫罗波尔|Stavropol
en|俄罗斯_瑟克特夫卡尔|Syktyvkar
en|俄罗斯_坦波夫|Tambov
en|俄罗斯_托木斯克|Tomsk
en|俄罗斯_图拉|Tula
en|俄罗斯_特维尔|Tver
en|俄罗斯_秋明|Tyumen
en|俄罗斯_乌法|Ufa
en|俄罗斯_乌兰乌德|Ulan-Ude
en|俄罗斯_乌里扬诺夫斯克|Uljanovsk
en|俄罗斯_乌斯季奥尔登斯基|Ust-Ordynsky
en|俄罗斯_诺夫哥罗德|Velikij Novgorod
en|俄罗斯_弗拉季高加索|Vladikavkaz
en|俄罗斯_弗拉基米尔|Vladimir
en|俄罗斯_海参崴|Vladivostok
en|俄罗斯_伏尔加格勒|Volgograd
en|俄罗斯_沃洛格达|Vologda
en|俄罗斯_沃罗涅什|Voronezh
en|俄罗斯_约什卡尔奥拉|Yoshkar-Ola
en|卢旺达|Rwanda
en|圣巴泰勒米|Saint Barthelemy
en|圣卢西亚|Saint Lucia
en|圣马丁|Saint Martin
en|圣皮埃尔和密克隆|Saint Pierre and Miquelon
en|圣文森特河格林纳丁斯|Saint Vincent And the Grenadines
en|萨摩亚|Samoa
en|圣马力诺|San Marino
en|圣多美和普林西比|Sao Tome and Principe
en|沙特阿拉伯|Saudi Arabia
en|沙特阿拉伯_艾卜哈|Abha
en|沙特阿拉伯_巴哈|Al Bahah
en|沙特阿拉伯_阿尔胡富夫|Al Hofuf
en|沙特阿拉伯_阿尔朱拜勒|Al Jubail
en|沙特阿拉伯_阿尔卡里|Al Kharj
en|沙特阿拉伯_阿尔姆巴拉兹|Al Mubarraz
en|沙特阿拉伯_阿尔阿尔|Arar
en|沙特阿拉伯_塔伊夫|At Tarif
en|沙特阿拉伯_布赖代|Buraydah
en|沙特阿拉伯_达曼|Dammam
en|沙特阿拉伯_哈费尔巴廷|Hafar al-Batin
en|沙特阿拉伯_哈伊勒|Hail
en|沙特阿拉伯_吉达|Jiddah
en|沙特阿拉伯_吉赞|Jizan
en|沙特阿拉伯_海米斯穆谢特|Khamis Mushayt
en|沙特阿拉伯_麦加|Makkah
en|沙特阿拉伯_麦地那|Medina
en|沙特阿拉伯_纳季兰|Najran
en|沙特阿拉伯_利雅得|Riyad
en|沙特阿拉伯_塞卡卡|Sakaka
en|沙特阿拉伯_塔布克|Tabuk
en|沙特阿拉伯_延布|Yanbu al-Bahr
en|塞内加尔|Senegal
en|塞尔维亚|Serbia
en|塞舌尔|Seychelles
en|塞拉利昂|Sierra Leone
en|新加坡|Singapore
en|斯洛伐克|Slovakia
en|斯洛文尼亚|Slovenia
en|所罗门群岛|Solomon Islands
en|索马里|Somalia
en|南非|South Africa
en|南非_东巴克利|Barkley East
en|南非_西博福特|Beaufort West
en|南非_比索|Bisho
en|南非_布隆方丹|Bloemfontein
en|南非_布雷达斯多普|Bredasdorp
en|南非_布隆克斯特斯普利特|Bronkhorstspruit
en|南非_开普敦|Cape Town
en|南非_德阿尔|De Aar
en|南非_邓迪|Dundee
en|南非_德班|Durban
en|南非_东伦敦|East London
en|南非_乔治|George
en|南非_基雅尼|Giyani
en|南非_格罗布莱斯达尔|Groblersdal
en|南非_特克索波|Ixopo
en|南非_约翰内斯堡|Johannesburg
en|南非_金伯利|Kimberley
en|南非_克莱克斯多普|Klerksdorp
en|南非_库鲁曼|Kuruman
en|南非_莱迪史密斯|Ladysmith
en|南非_米德尔堡|Middelburg
en|南非_姆库泽|Mkuze
en|南非_穆里斯堡|Moorreesburg
en|南非_艾利弗山|Mount Ayliff
en|南非_内尔斯普雷特|Nelspruit
en|南非_纽卡斯尔|Newcastle
en|南非_尼尔斯特隆|Nylstroom
en|南非_彼德马里茨堡|Pietermaritzburg
en|南非_彼德斯堡|Pietersburg
en|南非_伊丽莎白港|Port Elizabeth
en|南非_谢普斯通港|Port Shepstone
en|南非_比勒陀利亚|Pretoria
en|南非_昆士敦|Queenstown
en|南非_兰德方丹|Randfontein
en|南非_理查兹湾|Richards Bay
en|南非_利斯滕堡|Rustenburg
en|南非_萨索尔堡|Sasolburg
en|南非_瑟孔达|Secunda
en|南非_跳羚|Springbok
en|南非_托霍延杜|Thohoyandou
en|南非_图拉马哈谢|Thulamahashe
en|南非_特隆普斯堡|Trompsburg
en|南非_乌伦迪|Ulundi
en|南非_乌姆塔塔|Umtata
en|南非_阿平顿|Upington
en|南非_弗里尼欣|Vereeniging
en|南非_弗雷堡|Vryburg
en|南非_韦尔科姆|Welkom
en|南非_韦茨肖克|Witsieshoek
en|南非_伍斯特|Worcester
en|西班牙|Spain
en|西班牙_阿拉瓦|Alava
en|西班牙_阿尔瓦塞特|Albacete
en|西班牙_阿利坎特|Alicante
en|西班牙_阿尔梅里亚|Almeria
en|西班牙_阿斯图利亚斯|Asturias
en|西班牙_阿维拉|Avila
en|西班牙_巴达霍斯|Badajoz
en|西班牙_巴利阿里|Baleares
en|西班牙_巴塞罗那|Barcelona
en|西班牙_布尔戈斯|Burgos
en|西班牙_卡塞雷斯|Caceres
en|西班牙_加的斯|Cadiz
en|西班牙_卡斯特利翁|Castellon
en|西班牙_雷阿尔城|Ciudad Real
en|西班牙_科尔多瓦|Cordoba
en|西班牙_昆卡|Cuenca
en|西班牙_赫罗纳|Gerona
en|西班牙_格拉纳达|Granada
en|西班牙_瓜达拉哈拉|Guadalajara
en|西班牙_吉普斯夸|Guipuzcoa
en|西班牙_韦尔瓦|Huelva
en|西班牙_韦斯卡|Huesca
en|西班牙_哈恩|Jaen
en|西班牙_拉科鲁尼亚|La Coruna
en|西班牙_拉里奥哈|La Rioja
en|西班牙_拉斯帕尔马斯|Las Palmas
en|西班牙_莱昂|Leon
en|西班牙_莱里达|Lleida
en|西班牙_马德里|Madrid
en|西班牙_马拉加|Malaga
en|西班牙_穆尔西亚|Murcia
en|西班牙_纳瓦拉|Navarra
en|西班牙_奥伦塞|Orense
en|西班牙_帕伦西亚|Palencia
en|西班牙_卢戈|Provincia de Lugo
en|西班牙_蓬特韦德拉|Provincia de Pontevedra
en|西班牙_萨拉曼卡|Salamanca
en|西班牙_圣克鲁斯-德特内里费|Santa Cruz de Tenerife
en|西班牙_桑坦德|Santander
en|西班牙_塞哥维亚|Segovia
en|西班牙_塞维利亚|Sevilla
en|西班牙_索里亚|Soria
en|西班牙_塔拉戈纳|Tarragona
en|西班牙_特鲁埃尔|Teruel
en|西班牙_托莱多|Toledo
en|西班牙_巴伦西亚|Valencia
en|西班牙_巴利亚多利德|Valladolid
en|西班牙_比斯开|Vizcaya
en|西班牙_萨莫拉|Zamora
en|西班牙_萨拉戈萨|Zaragoza
en|斯里兰卡|Sri Lanka
en|圣基茨和尼维斯|St.Kitts and Nevis
en|圣赫勒拿|St. Helena
en|苏丹|Sudan
en|苏里南|Surinam
en|斯威士兰|Swaziland
en|瑞典|Sweden
en|瑞典_布莱金厄|Blekinge
en|瑞典_达拉纳|Dalarnas
en|瑞典_耶夫勒堡|Gavleborgs
en|瑞典_哥得兰|Gotlands
en|瑞典_哈兰|Hallands
en|瑞典_耶姆特兰|Jamtlands
en|瑞典_延雪平|Jonkopings
en|瑞典_卡尔马|Kalmar
en|瑞典_克鲁努贝里|Kronobergs
en|瑞典_北博滕|Norrbottens
en|瑞典_厄勒布鲁|Orebro
en|瑞典_斯科耐|Skane
en|瑞典_南曼兰|Sodermanlands
en|瑞典_斯德哥尔摩|Stockholms
en|瑞典_乌普萨拉|Uppsala
en|瑞典_东约特兰|Ustergotland
en|瑞典_韦姆兰|Varmlands
en|瑞典_西博滕|Vasterbottens
en|瑞典_西诺尔兰|Vasternorrlands
en|瑞典_西曼兰|Vastmanlands
en|瑞典_西约特兰|Vastra Gotalands
en|瑞士|Switzerland
en|瑞士_阿尔高|Aargau
en|瑞士_外阿彭策尔|Appenzell Ausserrhon
en|瑞士_内阿彭策尔|Appenzell Innerrhodn
en|瑞士_巴塞尔乡村|Basel Landschaft
en|瑞士_巴塞尔|Basel-stadt
en|瑞士_伯尔尼|Bern
en|瑞士_弗里堡|Freiburg
en|瑞士_日内瓦|Geneve
en|瑞士_格拉鲁斯|Glarus
en|瑞士_格劳宾登|Graub nden
en|瑞士_汝拉|Jura
en|瑞士_洛桑|Lausanne
en|瑞士_卢塞恩|Luzern
en|瑞士_纳沙泰尔|Neuchatel
en|瑞士_下瓦尔登|Nidwalden
en|瑞士_上瓦尔登|Obwalden
en|瑞士_沙夫豪森|Schaffhausen
en|瑞士_施维茨|Schwyz
en|瑞士_索洛图恩|Solothurn
en|瑞士_圣加仑|St.Gallen
en|瑞士_图尔高|Thurgau
en|瑞士_提契诺|Ticino
en|瑞士_乌里|Uri
en|瑞士_沃|Vaud
en|瑞士_瓦莱|Wallis
en|瑞士_楚格|Zug
en|瑞士_苏黎世|Zurich
en|叙利亚|Syria
en|中国台湾|Taiwan
en|中国台湾_彰化县|Changhua County
en|中国台湾_嘉义市|Chiayi City
en|中国台湾_嘉义县|Chiayi County
en|中国台湾_新竹市|Hsinchu City
en|中国台湾_新竹县|Hsinchu County
en|中国台湾_花莲县|Hualien County
en|中国台湾_高雄市|Kaohsiung City
en|中国台湾_基隆市|Keelung City
en|中国台湾_金门县|Kinmen County
en|中国台湾_连江县|Lianjiang County
en|中国台湾_苗栗县|Miaoli County
en|中国台湾_南投县|Nantou County
en|中国台湾_新北市|New Taipei City
en|中国台湾_澎湖县|Penghu County
en|中国台湾_屏东县|Pingtung County
en|中国台湾_台中市|Taichung City
en|中国台湾_台南市|Tainan City
en|中国台湾_台北市|Taipei
en|中国台湾_台东县|Taitung County
en|中国台湾_桃园县|Taoyuan County
en|中国台湾_宜兰县|Yilan County
en|中国台湾_云林县|Yunlin County
en|塔吉克斯坦|Tajikistan
en|坦桑尼亚|Tanzania
en|泰国|Thailand
en|泰国_安纳乍能|Amnat Charoen
en|泰国_红统|Ang Thong
en|泰国_曼谷|Bangkok
en|泰国_武里南|Buri Ram
en|泰国_北柳|Chachoengsao
en|泰国_猜那|Chai Nat
en|泰国_猜也奔|Chaiyaphum
en|泰国_尖竹汶|Chanthaburi
en|泰国_清迈|Chiang Mai
en|泰国_清莱|Chiang Rai
en|泰国_春武里|Chon Buri
en|泰国_春蓬|Chumphon
en|泰国_加拉信|Kalasin
en|泰国_甘烹碧|Kamphaeng Phet
en|泰国_北碧|Kanchanaburi
en|泰国_孔敬|Khon Kaen
en|泰国_甲米|Krabi
en|泰国_南奔|Lamphun
en|泰国_黎|Loei
en|泰国_华富里|Lop Buri
en|泰国_夜丰颂|Mae Hong Son
en|泰国_玛哈沙拉堪|Maha Sarakham
en|泰国_莫达汉|Mukdahan
en|泰国_那空那育|Nakhon Nayok
en|泰国_佛统|Nakhon Pathom
en|泰国_那空帕农|Nakhon Phanom
en|泰国_北榄坡|Nakhon Sawan
en|泰国_洛坤|Nakhon Si Thammarat
en|泰国_难|Nan
en|泰国_陶公|Narathiwat
en|泰国_廊莫那浦|Nong Bua Lamphu
en|泰国_廊开|Nong Khai
en|泰国_暖武里|Nonthaburi
en|泰国_巴吞他尼|Pathum Thani
en|泰国_北大年|Pattani
en|泰国_攀牙|Phangnga
en|泰国_博达伦|Phatthalung
en|泰国_帕尧|Phayao
en|泰国_碧差汶|Phetchabun
en|泰国_佛丕|Phetchaburi
en|泰国_披集|Phichit
en|泰国_彭世洛|Phitsanulok
en|泰国_大城|Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya
en|泰国_帕|Phrae
en|泰国_普吉|Phuket
en|泰国_巴真|Prachin Buri
en|泰国_巴蜀|Prachuap Khiri Khan
en|泰国_罗勇|Ranong
en|泰国_叻丕|Ratchaburi
en|泰国_拉农|Rayong
en|泰国_黎逸|Roi Et
en|泰国_沙缴|Sa Kaeo
en|泰国_色军|Sakon Nakhon
en|泰国_北揽|Samut Prakan
en|泰国_龙仔厝|Samut Sakhon
en|泰国_夜功|Samut Songkhram
en|泰国_北标|Saraburi
en|泰国_沙敦|Satun
en|泰国_四色菊|Si sa ket
en|泰国_信武里|Sing Buri
en|泰国_宋卡|Songkhla
en|泰国_素可泰|Sukhothai
en|泰国_素攀武里|Suphan Buri
en|泰国_素叻|Surat Thani
en|泰国_素林|Surin
en|泰国_达|Tak
en|泰国_董里|Trang
en|泰国_达叻|Trat
en|泰国_乌汶|Ubon Ratchathani
en|泰国_乌隆|Udon Thani
en|泰国_乌泰他尼|Uthai Thani
en|泰国_程逸|Uttaradit
en|泰国_也拉|Yala
en|泰国_耶梭通|Yasothon
en|东帝汶|Timor-Leste
en|多哥|Togo
en|托克劳|Tokelau
en|汤加|Tonga
en|特立尼达和多巴哥|Trinidad and Tobago
en|突尼斯|Tunisia
en|土耳其|Turkey
en|土耳其_阿达纳|Adana
en|土耳其_阿德亚曼|Adiyaman
en|土耳其_阿菲永|Afyon
en|土耳其_阿勒|Agri
en|土耳其_阿克萨赖|Aksaray
en|土耳其_阿马西亚|Amasya
en|土耳其_安卡拉|Ankara
en|土耳其_安塔利亚|Antalya
en|土耳其_阿尔达罕|Ardahan
en|土耳其_阿尔特温|Artvin
en|土耳其_艾登|Aydin
en|土耳其_巴勒克埃西尔|Balikesir
en|土耳其_巴尔腾|Bartin
en|土耳其_巴特曼|Batman
en|土耳其_巴伊布尔特|Bayburt
en|土耳其_比莱吉克|Bilecik
en|土耳其_宾格尔|Bingol
en|土耳其_比特利斯|Bitlis
en|土耳其_博卢|Bolu
en|土耳其_布尔杜尔|Burdur
en|土耳其_布尔萨|Bursa
en|土耳其_恰纳卡莱|Canakkale
en|土耳其_昌克勒|Cankiri
en|土耳其_乔鲁姆|Corum
en|土耳其_代尼兹利|Denizli
en|土耳其_迪亚巴克尔|Diyarbakir
en|土耳其_埃迪尔内|Edirne
en|土耳其_埃拉泽|Elazig
en|土耳其_埃尔津詹|Erzincan
en|土耳其_埃尔祖鲁姆|Erzurum
en|土耳其_埃斯基谢希尔|Eskisehir
en|土耳其_加济安泰普|Gaziantep
en|土耳其_吉雷松|Giresun
en|土耳其_居米什哈内|Gumushane
en|土耳其_哈卡里|Hakkari
en|土耳其_哈塔伊|Hatay
en|土耳其_伊切尔|Icel
en|土耳其_伊迪尔|Igdir
en|土耳其_伊斯帕尔塔|Isparta
en|土耳其_伊斯坦布尔|Istanbul
en|土耳其_伊兹密尔|Izmir
en|土耳其_卡赫拉曼马拉什|Kahraman Maras
en|土耳其_卡拉比克|Karabuk
en|土耳其_卡拉曼|Karaman
en|土耳其_卡尔斯|Kars
en|土耳其_卡斯塔莫努|Kastamonu
en|土耳其_开塞利|Kayseri
en|土耳其_基利斯|Kilis
en|土耳其_克勒克卡莱|Kirikkale
en|土耳其_柯克拉雷利|Kirklareli
en|土耳其_克尔谢希尔|Kirsehir
en|土耳其_科贾埃利|Kocaeli
en|土耳其_科尼亚|Konya
en|土耳其_屈塔希亚|Kutahya
en|土耳其_马拉蒂亚|Malatya
en|土耳其_马尼萨|Manisa
en|土耳其_马尔丁|Mardin
en|土耳其_穆拉|Mugla
en|土耳其_穆什|Mus
en|土耳其_内夫谢希尔|Nevsehir
en|土耳其_尼代|Nigde
en|土耳其_奥尔杜|Ordu
en|土耳其_里泽|Rize
en|土耳其_萨卡里亚|Sakarya
en|土耳其_萨姆松|Samsun
en|土耳其_锡尔特|Siirt
en|土耳其_锡诺普|Sinop
en|土耳其_锡尔纳克|Sirnak
en|土耳其_锡瓦斯|Sivas
en|土耳其_泰基尔达|Tekirdag
en|土耳其_托卡特|Tokat
en|土耳其_特拉布宗|Trabzon
en|土耳其_通杰利|Tunceli
en|土耳其_拉飞|Urfa
en|土耳其_乌萨克|Usak
en|土耳其_凡|Van
en|土耳其_约兹加特|Yozgat
en|土耳其_宗古尔达克|Zonguldak
en|土库曼斯坦|Turkmenistan
en|特克斯和凯科斯群岛|Turks and Caicos Islands
en|图瓦卢|Tuvalu
en|美属维京群岛|U.S. Virgin Islands
en|乌干达|Uganda
en|乌克兰|Ukraine
en|乌克兰_切尔卡瑟|Cherkasy
en|乌克兰_切尔尼戈夫|Chernihiv
en|乌克兰_切尔诺夫策|Chernivtsi
en|乌克兰_第聂伯罗波得罗夫斯克|Dnipropetrovsk
en|乌克兰_顿涅茨克|Donetsk
en|乌克兰_伊万-弗兰科夫州|Ivano-Frankivsk
en|乌克兰_哈尔科夫|Kharkiv
en|乌克兰_赫尔松州|Khersonsrka
en|乌克兰_赫梅利尼茨基|Khmelnytsky
en|乌克兰_基洛夫格勒|Kirovohrad
en|乌克兰_基辅|Kyiv
en|乌克兰_卢甘斯克|Luhansk
en|乌克兰_利沃夫|Lviv
en|乌克兰_尼古拉耶夫|Mykolayiv
en|乌克兰_敖德萨|Odessa
en|乌克兰_波尔塔瓦|Poltava
en|乌克兰_克里米亚自治共和国|Respublika Krym
en|乌克兰_罗夫诺|Rivne
en|乌克兰_苏梅|Sumy
en|乌克兰_捷尔诺波尔|Ternopil
en|乌克兰_文尼察|Vinnytsya
en|乌克兰_沃伦|Volyn
en|乌克兰_外喀尔巴阡|Zakarpatska
en|乌克兰_扎波罗热|Zaporizhzhya
en|乌克兰_日托米尔|Zhytomyr
en|阿拉伯联合酋长国|United Arab Emirates
en|阿拉伯联合酋长国_阿布扎比|Abu Dhabi
en|阿拉伯联合酋长国_艾因|Al l'Ayn
en|阿拉伯联合酋长国_沙迦|Ash Shariqah
en|阿拉伯联合酋长国_迪拜|Dubai
en|英国|United Kingdom
en|英国_英格兰|England
en|英国_英格兰_巴斯|Bath
en|英国_英格兰_伯明翰|Birmingham
en|英国_英格兰_布拉德福德|Bradford
en|英国_英格兰_布莱顿霍夫|Brighton & Hove
en|英国_英格兰_布里斯托尔|Bristol
en|英国_英格兰_剑桥|Cambridge
en|英国_英格兰_坎特伯雷|Canterbury
en|英国_英格兰_卡莱尔|Carlisle
en|英国_英格兰_切斯特|Chester
en|英国_英格兰_奇切斯特|Chichester
en|英国_英格兰_考文垂|Coventry
en|英国_英格兰_德比|Derby
en|英国_英格兰_德罕|Durham
en|英国_英格兰_伊利|Ely
en|英国_英格兰_爱塞特|Exeter
en|英国_英格兰_格洛斯特|Gloucester
en|英国_英格兰_赫里福德|Hereford
en|英国_英格兰_赫尔河畔京斯敦|Kingston upon Hull
en|英国_英格兰_兰开斯特|Lancaster
en|英国_英格兰_利茲|Leeds
en|英国_英格兰_列斯特|Leicester
en|英国_英格兰_利奇菲尔德|Lichfield
en|英国_英格兰_林肯|Lincoln
en|英国_英格兰_利物浦|Liverpool
en|英国_英格兰_伦敦|London
en|英国_英格兰_曼彻斯特|Manchester
en|英国_英格兰_纽卡斯尔|Newcastle
en|英国_英格兰_诺里奇|Norwich
en|英国_英格兰_诺丁汉|Nottingham
en|英国_英格兰_牛津|Oxford
en|英国_英格兰_彼得伯勒|Peterborough
en|英国_英格兰_普利茅斯|Plymouth
en|英国_英格兰_朴茨茅斯|Portsmouth
en|英国_英格兰_普雷斯顿|Preston
en|英国_英格兰_里彭|Ripon
en|英国_英格兰_圣阿本斯|Saint Albans
en|英国_英格兰_索福特|Salford
en|英国_英格兰_索尔斯堡|Salisbury
en|英国_英格兰_谢菲尔德|Sheffield
en|英国_英格兰_南安普敦|Southampton
en|英国_英格兰_特伦特河畔斯多克|Stoke-on-Trent
en|英国_英格兰_桑德兰|Sunderland
en|英国_英格兰_特鲁罗|Truro
en|英国_英格兰_韦克菲尔德|Wakefield
en|英国_英格兰_威尔斯|Wells
en|英国_英格兰_温彻斯特|Winchester
en|英国_英格兰_伍尔弗汉普顿|Wolverhampton
en|英国_英格兰_伍斯特|Worcester
en|英国_英格兰_约克|York
en|英国_北爱尔兰|Northern Ireland
en|英国_北爱尔兰_贝尔法斯特|Belfast
en|英国_北爱尔兰_德里|Derry
en|英国_北爱尔兰_利斯本|Lisburn
en|英国_北爱尔兰_纽里|Newry
en|英国_苏格兰|Scotland
en|英国_苏格兰_阿伯丁|Aberdeen
en|英国_苏格兰_丹迪|Dundee
en|英国_苏格兰_爱丁堡|Edinburgh
en|英国_苏格兰_格拉斯哥|Glasgow
en|英国_苏格兰_因弗内斯|Inverness
en|英国_苏格兰_斯特灵|Stirling
en|英国_威尔士|Wales
en|英国_威尔士_班戈|Bangor
en|英国_威尔士_卡迪夫|Cardiff
en|英国_威尔士_纽波特|Newport
en|英国_威尔士_斯旺西|Swansea
en|美国|United States
en|美国_阿拉巴马|Alabama
en|美国_阿拉巴马_伯明罕|Birmingham
en|美国_阿拉巴马_亨茨维尔|Huntsville
en|美国_阿拉巴马_莫比尔|Mobile
en|美国_阿拉巴马_蒙哥马利|Montgomery
en|美国_阿拉斯加|Alaska
en|美国_阿拉斯加_安克雷奇|Anchorage
en|美国_阿拉斯加_费尔班克斯|Fairbanks
en|美国_阿拉斯加_朱诺|Juneau
en|美国_亚利桑那|Arizona
en|美国_亚利桑那_钱德勒|Chandler
en|美国_亚利桑那_吉尔伯特|Gilbert
en|美国_亚利桑那_格兰代尔|Glendale
en|美国_亚利桑那_梅萨|Mesa
en|美国_亚利桑那_皮奥里亚|Peoria
en|美国_亚利桑那_凤凰城|Phoenix
en|美国_亚利桑那_史卡兹代尔|Scottsdale
en|美国_亚利桑那_瑟普赖斯|Surprise
en|美国_亚利桑那_坦普|Tempe
en|美国_亚利桑那_图森|Tucson
en|美国_亚利桑那_优玛|Yuma
en|美国_阿肯色|Arkansas
en|美国_阿肯色_费耶特维尔|Fayetteville
en|美国_阿肯色_史密斯堡|Fort Smith
en|美国_阿肯色_小石城|Little Rock
en|美国_加利福尼亚|California
en|美国_加利福尼亚_安那罕|Anaheim
en|美国_加利福尼亚_安条克|Antioch
en|美国_加利福尼亚_贝克斯菲尔德|Bakersfield
en|美国_加利福尼亚_伯克利|Berkeley
en|美国_加利福尼亚_伯班克|Burbank
en|美国_加利福尼亚_卡尔斯巴德|Carlsbad
en|美国_加利福尼亚_丘拉维斯塔|Chula Vista
en|美国_加利福尼亚_康科德|Concord
en|美国_加利福尼亚_科洛纳|Corona
en|美国_加利福尼亚_科斯塔梅萨|Costa Mesa
en|美国_加利福尼亚_戴利城|Daly City
en|美国_加利福尼亚_唐尼|Downey
en|美国_加利福尼亚_埃尔卡洪|El Cajon
en|美国_加利福尼亚_艾尔蒙地|El Monte
en|美国_加利福尼亚_埃尔克格罗夫|Elk Grove
en|美国_加利福尼亚_埃斯孔迪多|Escondido
en|美国_加利福尼亚_费尔菲尔德|Fairfield
en|美国_加利福尼亚_方塔纳|Fontana
en|美国_加利福尼亚_弗里蒙特|Fremont
en|美国_加利福尼亚_弗雷斯诺|Fresno
en|美国_加利福尼亚_富勒顿|Fullerton
en|美国_加利福尼亚_园林市|Garden Grove
en|美国_加利福尼亚_格伦代尔|Glendale
en|美国_加利福尼亚_海沃德|Hayward
en|美国_加利福尼亚_亨丁顿滩|Huntington Beach
en|美国_加利福尼亚_英格尔伍德|Inglewood
en|美国_加利福尼亚_尔湾|Irvine
en|美国_加利福尼亚_兰开斯特|Lancaster
en|美国_加利福尼亚_长滩|Long Beach
en|美国_加利福尼亚_洛杉矶|Los Angeles
en|美国_加利福尼亚_莫德斯托|Modesto
en|美国_加利福尼亚_莫雷诺谷|Moreno Valley
en|美国_加利福尼亚_穆列塔|Murrieta
en|美国_加利福尼亚_诺沃克|Norwalk
en|美国_加利福尼亚_奥克兰|Oakland
en|美国_加利福尼亚_欧申赛德|Oceanside
en|美国_加利福尼亚_安大略|Ontario
en|美国_加利福尼亚_橙市|Orange
en|美国_加利福尼亚_奥克斯纳德|Oxnard
en|美国_加利福尼亚_棕榈谷|Palmdale
en|美国_加利福尼亚_帕萨迪纳|Pasadena
en|美国_加利福尼亚_波莫纳|Pomona
en|美国_加利福尼亚_库卡蒙格牧场|Rancho Cucamonga
en|美国_加利福尼亚_里亚托|Rialto
en|美国_加利福尼亚_里士满|Richmond
en|美国_加利福尼亚_里弗塞得|Riverside
en|美国_加利福尼亚_罗斯维尔|Roseville
en|美国_加利福尼亚_萨克拉门托|Sacramento
en|美国_加利福尼亚_萨利纳斯|Salinas
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣贝纳迪诺|San Bernardino
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣迭戈|San Diego
en|美国_加利福尼亚_旧金山|San Francisco
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣何塞|San Jose
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣马特奥|San Mateo
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣安娜|Santa Ana
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣克拉拉|Santa Clara
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣塔克拉利塔|Santa Clarita
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣玛丽亚|Santa Maria
en|美国_加利福尼亚_圣罗莎|Santa Rosa
en|美国_加利福尼亚_西米谷|Simi Valley
en|美国_加利福尼亚_斯托克顿|Stockton
en|美国_加利福尼亚_森尼韦尔|Sunnyvale
en|美国_加利福尼亚_蒂梅丘拉|Temecula
en|美国_加利福尼亚_千橡市|Thousand Oaks
en|美国_加利福尼亚_托伦斯|Torrance
en|美国_加利福尼亚_瓦列霍|Vallejo
en|美国_加利福尼亚_文图拉|Ventura
en|美国_加利福尼亚_维克多维尔|Victorville
en|美国_加利福尼亚_维塞利亚|Visalia
en|美国_加利福尼亚_西柯汶纳|West Covina
en|美国_科罗拉多|Colorado
en|美国_科罗拉多_阿瓦达|Arvada
en|美国_科罗拉多_阿斯彭|Aspen
en|美国_科罗拉多_奥罗拉|Aurora
en|美国_科罗拉多_博尔德|Boulder
en|美国_科罗拉多_森特尼尔|Centennial
en|美国_科罗拉多_科罗拉多斯普林斯|Colorado Springs
en|美国_科罗拉多_丹佛|Denver
en|美国_科罗拉多_柯林斯堡|Fort Collins
en|美国_科罗拉多_大章克申|Grand Junction
en|美国_科罗拉多_莱克伍德|Lakewood
en|美国_科罗拉多_普韦布洛|Pueblo
en|美国_科罗拉多_桑顿|Thornton
en|美国_科罗拉多_韦尔|Vail
en|美国_科罗拉多_威斯敏斯特|Westminster
en|美国_康涅狄格|Connecticut
en|美国_康涅狄格_布里奇波特|Bridgeport
en|美国_康涅狄格_达里恩|Darien
en|美国_康涅狄格_格林尼治|Greenwich
en|美国_康涅狄格_哈特福德|Hartford
en|美国_康涅狄格_米德尔顿|Middletown
en|美国_康涅狄格_新不列颠|New Britain
en|美国_康涅狄格_纽黑文|New Haven
en|美国_康涅狄格_斯坦福|Stamford
en|美国_康涅狄格_沃特伯里|Waterbury
en|美国_康涅狄格_韦斯特波特|Westport
en|美国_特拉华|Delaware
en|美国_特拉华_多佛|Dover
en|美国_特拉华_纽瓦克|Newark
en|美国_特拉华_威明顿|Wilmington
en|美国_哥伦比亚特区|District of Columbia
en|美国_哥伦比亚特区_华盛顿|Washington
en|美国_哥伦比亚特区_华盛顿哥伦比亚特区|Washington D.C.
en|美国_佛罗里达|Florida
en|美国_佛罗里达_卡纳维拉尔角|Cape Canaveral?
en|美国_佛罗里达_开普科勒尔|Cape Coral
en|美国_佛罗里达_克利尔沃特|Clearwater
en|美国_佛罗里达_科勒尔斯普林斯|Coral Springs
en|美国_佛罗里达_罗德岱堡|Fort Lauderdale
en|美国_佛罗里达_盖恩斯维尔|Gainesville
en|美国_佛罗里达_海厄利亚|Hialeah
en|美国_佛罗里达_好莱坞|Hollywood
en|美国_佛罗里达_杰克逊维尔|Jacksonville
en|美国_佛罗里达_基韦斯特|Key West
en|美国_佛罗里达_莱克兰|Lakeland
en|美国_佛罗里达_迈阿密|Miami
en|美国_佛罗里达_迈阿密花园|Miami Gardens
en|美国_佛罗里达_米拉马尔|Miramar
en|美国_佛罗里达_奥兰多|Orlando
en|美国_佛罗里达_棕榈湾|Palm Bay
en|美国_佛罗里达_潘布鲁克派恩斯|Pembroke Pines
en|美国_佛罗里达_庞帕诺比奇|Pompano Beach
en|美国_佛罗里达_圣露西港|Port St. Lucie
en|美国_佛罗里达_圣彼德斯堡市|St. Petersburg
en|美国_佛罗里达_塔拉哈西|Tallahassee
en|美国_佛罗里达_坦帕|Tampa
en|美国_佛罗里达_西棕榈滩|West Palm Beach
en|美国_佐治亚|Georgia
en|美国_佐治亚_雅典|Athens
en|美国_佐治亚_亚特兰大|Atlanta
en|美国_佐治亚_奥古斯塔|Augusta
en|美国_佐治亚_哥伦布|Columbus
en|美国_佐治亚_梅肯|Macon
en|美国_佐治亚_沙瓦纳|Savannah
en|美国_夏威夷|Hawaii
en|美国_夏威夷_希洛|Hilo
en|美国_夏威夷_檀香山|Honolulu
en|美国_夏威夷_凯卢阿|Kailua
en|美国_爱达荷州|Idaho
en|美国_爱达荷州_亚美利加瀑布城|American Falls
en|美国_爱达荷州_布莱克富特|Blackfoot
en|美国_爱达荷州_博伊西|Boise
en|美国_爱达荷州_科达伦|Coeur d'Alene
en|美国_爱达荷州_爱达荷福尔斯|Idaho Falls
en|美国_爱达荷州_岂彻姆|Ketchum
en|美国_爱达荷州_刘易斯顿|Lewiston
en|美国_爱达荷州_莫斯科|Moscow
en|美国_爱达荷州_墨菲|Murphy
en|美国_爱达荷州_楠帕|Nampa
en|美国_爱达荷州_波卡特洛|Pocatello
en|美国_爱达荷州_森瓦利|Sun Valley
en|美国_伊利诺斯州|Illinois
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_奥尔顿|Alton
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_奥罗拉|Aurora
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_布卢明顿|Bloomington
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_卡本代尔|Carbondale
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_森特勒利亚|Centralia
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_厄巴纳-香槟|Champaign-Urbana
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_芝加哥|Chicago
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_丹维尓|Danville
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_迪卡尔布|De Kalb
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_迪凯特|Decatur
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_东圣路易斯|East St Louis
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_埃尔金|Elgin
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_盖尔斯堡|Galesburg
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_乔利埃特|Joliet
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_内珀维尔|Naperville
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_诺黙尔|Normal
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_皮奥里亚|Peoria
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_罗克艾兰|Rock Island
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_罗克福德|Rockford
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_斯普林菲尔德|Springfield
en|美国_伊利诺斯州_沃其根|Waukegan
en|美国_印第安那|Indiana
en|美国_印第安那_埃文斯维尔|Evansville
en|美国_印第安那_韦恩堡|Fort Wayne
en|美国_印第安那_印第安纳波利斯|Indianapolis
en|美国_印第安那_南本德|South Bend
en|美国_爱荷华|Iowa
en|美国_爱荷华_锡达拉皮兹|Cedar Rapids
en|美国_爱荷华_达文波特|Davenport
en|美国_爱荷华_得梅因|Des Moines
en|美国_堪萨斯|Kansas
en|美国_堪萨斯_阿比林|Abilene
en|美国_堪萨斯_哈钦森|Hutchinson
en|美国_堪萨斯_堪萨斯城|Kansas City
en|美国_堪萨斯_劳伦斯|Lawrence
en|美国_堪萨斯_莱文沃思|Leavenworth
en|美国_堪萨斯_曼哈顿|Manhattan
en|美国_堪萨斯_奥拉西|Olathe
en|美国_堪萨斯_奥弗兰公园|Overland Park
en|美国_堪萨斯_托皮卡|Topeka
en|美国_堪萨斯_威奇托|Wichita
en|美国_肯塔基|Kentucky
en|美国_肯塔基_列克星敦|Lexington
en|美国_肯塔基_路易斯维尔|Louisville
en|美国_肯塔基_欧文斯伯勒|Owensboro
en|美国_路易斯安那|Louisiana
en|美国_路易斯安那_巴吞鲁日|Baton Rouge
en|美国_路易斯安那_拉法叶|Lafayette
en|美国_路易斯安那_新奥尔良|New Orleans
en|美国_路易斯安那_什里夫波特|Shreveport
en|美国_缅因|Maine
en|美国_缅因_班戈|Bangor
en|美国_缅因_刘易斯顿|Lewiston
en|美国_缅因_波特兰|Portland
en|美国_马里兰|Maryland
en|美国_马里兰_巴尔的摩|Balitmore
en|美国_马里兰_盖瑟斯堡|Gaithersburg
en|美国_马里兰_罗克维尔|Rockville
en|美国_马萨诸塞|Massachusetts
en|美国_马萨诸塞_波士顿|Boston
en|美国_马萨诸塞_剑桥|Cambridge
en|美国_马萨诸塞_洛厄尔|Lowell
en|美国_马萨诸塞_斯普林菲尔德|Springfield
en|美国_马萨诸塞_伍斯特|Worcester
en|美国_密歇根|Michigan
en|美国_密歇根_安娜堡|Ann Arbor
en|美国_密歇根_巴特尔克里克|Battle Creek
en|美国_密歇根_贝城|Bay City
en|美国_密歇根_迪尔伯恩|Dearborn
en|美国_密歇根_底特律|Detroit
en|美国_密歇根_弗林特|Flint
en|美国_密歇根_大急流城|Grand Rapids
en|美国_密歇根_卡拉马袓|Kalamazoo
en|美国_密歇根_兰辛|Lansing
en|美国_密歇根_马斯基根|Muskegon
en|美国_密歇根_庞菷亚克|Pontiac
en|美国_密歇根_休伦港|Port Huron
en|美国_密歇根_萨吉诺|Saginaw
en|美国_密歇根_苏圣玛丽|Sault Ste Marie
en|美国_密歇根_斯特灵海茨|Sterling Heights
en|美国_密歇根_沃伦|Warren
en|美国_密歇根_怀恩多特|Wyandotte
en|美国_明尼苏达|Minnesota
en|美国_明尼苏达_明尼阿波利斯|Minneapolis
en|美国_明尼苏达_罗切斯特|Rochester
en|美国_明尼苏达_圣保罗|Saint Paul
en|美国_密西西比|Mississippi
en|美国_密西西比_比洛克西|Biloxi
en|美国_密西西比_格林维尔|Greenville
en|美国_密西西比_格尔夫波特|Gulfport
en|美国_密西西比_哈蒂斯堡|Hattiesburg
en|美国_密西西比_杰克逊|Jackson
en|美国_密西西比_默里迪恩|Meridian
en|美国_密西西比_维克斯堡|Vicksburg
en|美国_密苏里|Missouri
en|美国_密苏里_哥伦比亚|Columbia
en|美国_密苏里_独立城|Independence
en|美国_密苏里_杰佛逊市|Jefferson City
en|美国_密苏里_堪萨斯城|Kansas City
en|美国_密苏里_圣路易斯|Saint Louis
en|美国_密苏里_斯普林菲尔德|Springfield
en|美国_蒙大拿|Montana
en|美国_蒙大拿_比灵斯|Billings
en|美国_蒙大拿_大瀑布村|Great Falls
en|美国_蒙大拿_米苏拉|Missoula
en|美国_内布拉斯加|Nebraska
en|美国_内布拉斯加_贝尔维尤|Bellevue
en|美国_内布拉斯加_林肯|Lincoln
en|美国_内布拉斯加_奥马哈|Omaha
en|美国_内华达州|Nevada
en|美国_内华达州_卡森城|Carson City
en|美国_内华达州_埃尔科|Elko
en|美国_内华达州_亨德森|Henderson
en|美国_内华达州_拉斯维加斯|Las Vegas
en|美国_内华达州_北拉斯维加斯|North Las Vegas
en|美国_内华达州_里诺|Reno
en|美国_内华达州_斯帕克斯|Sparks
en|美国_内华达州_弗吉尼亚城|Virginia City
en|美国_新罕布什尔|New Hampshire
en|美国_新罕布什尔_康科德|Concord
en|美国_新罕布什尔_曼彻斯特|Manchester
en|美国_新罕布什尔_纳舒厄|Nashua
en|美国_新泽西|New Jersey
en|美国_新泽西_爱迪生|Edison
en|美国_新泽西_伊丽莎白|Elizabeth
en|美国_新泽西_泽西城|Jersey City
en|美国_新泽西_纽瓦克|Newark
en|美国_新泽西_帕特森|Paterson
en|美国_新墨西哥|New Mexico
en|美国_新墨西哥_阿尔伯克基|Albuquerque
en|美国_新墨西哥_拉斯克鲁塞斯|Las Cruces
en|美国_新墨西哥_罗斯韦尔|Roswell
en|美国_新墨西哥_圣菲|Santa Fe
en|美国_纽约|New York
en|美国_纽约_布法罗|Buffalo
en|美国_纽约_纽约市|New York
en|美国_纽约_罗切斯特|Rochester
en|美国_纽约_雪城|Syracuse
en|美国_纽约_扬克斯|Yonkers
en|美国_北卡罗来纳|North Carolina
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_艾许维尔|Asheville
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_凯利|Cary
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_教堂山|Chapel Hill
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_夏洛特|Charlotte
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_杜罕|Durham
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_费耶特维尔|Fayetteville
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_格林斯伯勒|Greensboro
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_海波特|High Point
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_罗利|Raleigh
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_洛利杜罕都会区|Raleigh-Durham
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_威尔明顿|Wilmington
en|美国_北卡罗来纳_温斯顿.萨利姆|Winston–Salem
en|美国_北达科他|North Dakota
en|美国_北达科他_俾斯麦|Bismarck
en|美国_北达科他_法戈|Fargo
en|美国_北达科他_大福克斯|Grand Forks
en|美国_北达科他_迈诺特|Minot
en|美国_俄亥俄|Ohio
en|美国_俄亥俄_阿克伦|Akron
en|美国_俄亥俄_辛辛那提|Cincinnati
en|美国_俄亥俄_克利夫兰|Cleveland
en|美国_俄亥俄_哥伦布|Columbus
en|美国_俄亥俄_代顿|Dayton
en|美国_俄亥俄_托莱多|Toledo
en|美国_俄克拉荷马|Oklahoma
en|美国_俄克拉荷马_断箭城|Broken Arrow
en|美国_俄克拉荷马_诺曼|Norman
en|美国_俄克拉荷马_俄克拉荷马城|Oklahoma City
en|美国_俄克拉荷马_塔尔萨|Tulsa
en|美国_俄勒冈|Oregon
en|美国_俄勒冈_本德|Bend
en|美国_俄勒冈_库斯贝|Coos Bay
en|美国_俄勒冈_科瓦利斯|Corvallis
en|美国_俄勒冈_火山口湖|Crater Lake
en|美国_俄勒冈_达拉斯|Dallas
en|美国_俄勒冈_尤金|Eugene
en|美国_俄勒冈_格兰茨帕斯|Grant's Pass
en|美国_俄勒冈_格雷沙姆|Gresham
en|美国_俄勒冈_胡德里弗|Hood River
en|美国_俄勒冈_梅德福|Medford
en|美国_俄勒冈_波特兰|Portland
en|美国_俄勒冈_塞勒姆|Salem
en|美国_俄勒冈_斯普林菲尔德|Springfield
en|美国_俄勒冈_圣海伦斯|St Helens
en|美国_俄勒冈_达尔斯|The Dalles
en|美国_俄勒冈_蒂拉穆克|Tillamook
en|美国_宾夕法尼亚|Pennsylvania
en|美国_宾夕法尼亚_阿伦敦|Allentown
en|美国_宾夕法尼亚_伊利|Erie
en|美国_宾夕法尼亚_费城|Philadephia
en|美国_宾夕法尼亚_匹兹堡|Pittsburgh
en|美国_罗德岛|Rhode Island
en|美国_罗德岛_克兰斯顿|Cranston
en|美国_罗德岛_纽波特|Newport
en|美国_罗德岛_波塔基特|Pawtucket
en|美国_罗德岛_普罗维登斯|Providence
en|美国_罗德岛_沃威克|Warwick
en|美国_罗德岛_韦斯特利|Westerly
en|美国_罗德岛_文索基特|Woonsocket
en|美国_南卡罗来纳|South Carolina
en|美国_南卡罗来纳_查尔斯顿|Charleston
en|美国_南卡罗来纳_哥伦比亚|Columbia
en|美国_南卡罗来纳_北查尔斯顿|North Charleston
en|美国_南达科他|South Dakota
en|美国_南达科他_阿伯丁|Aberdeen
en|美国_南达科他_拉皮德城|Rapid City
en|美国_南达科他_苏福尔斯|Sioux Falls
en|美国_田纳西|Tennessee
en|美国_田纳西_布利斯托|Bristol
en|美国_田纳西_查塔努加|Chattanooga
en|美国_田纳西_克拉克维尔|Clarksville
en|美国_田纳西_约翰逊城|Johnson City
en|美国_田纳西_金斯波特|Kingsport
en|美国_田纳西_诺克斯维尔|Knoxville
en|美国_田纳西_孟菲斯|Memphis
en|美国_田纳西_默弗里斯伯勒|Murfreesboro
en|美国_田纳西_纳什维尔|Nashville
en|美国_田纳西_士麦那|Smyrna
en|美国_田纳西_斯普林希尔|Spring Hill
en|美国_田纳西_三城区|Tri-City Area
en|美国_德州|Texas
en|美国_德州_阿比林|Abilene
en|美国_德州_阿马里洛|Amarillo
en|美国_德州_阿灵顿|Arlington
en|美国_德州_奥斯汀|Austin
en|美国_德州_博蒙特|Beaumont
en|美国_德州_布朗斯维尔|Brownsville
en|美国_德州_卡罗敦|Carrollton
en|美国_德州_大学城|College Station
en|美国_德州_哥帕斯基斯蒂|Corpus Christi
en|美国_德州_达拉斯|Dallas
en|美国_德州_丹敦|Denton
en|美国_德州_埃尔帕索|El Paso
en|美国_德州_沃斯堡|Fort Worth
en|美国_德州_弗里斯科|Frisco
en|美国_德州_交维斯顿|Galveston
en|美国_德州_加兰|Garland
en|美国_德州_大草原城|Grand Prairie
en|美国_德州_休斯敦|Houston
en|美国_德州_欧文|Irving
en|美国_德州_基林|Killeen
en|美国_德州_拉雷多|Laredo
en|美国_德州_路易斯维尔|Lewisville
en|美国_德州_拉伯克|Lubbock
en|美国_德州_麦卡伦|McAllen
en|美国_德州_麦金尼|McKinney
en|美国_德州_梅斯基特|Mesquite
en|美国_德州_米德兰|Midland
en|美国_德州_敖德萨|Odessa
en|美国_德州_帕萨迪纳|Pasadena
en|美国_德州_梨城|Pearland
en|美国_德州_布兰诺|Plano
en|美国_德州_理查森|Richardson
en|美国_德州_朗德罗克|Round Rock
en|美国_德州_圣安东尼奥|San Antonio
en|美国_德州_泰勒|Tyler
en|美国_德州_韦科|Waco
en|美国_德州_威奇托福尔斯|Wichita Falls
en|美国_犹他|Utah
en|美国_犹他_雷登|Layton
en|美国_犹他_奥格登|Ogden
en|美国_犹他_欧仁|Orem
en|美国_犹他_帕克城|Park City
en|美国_犹他_普罗沃|Provo
en|美国_犹他_盐湖城|Salt Lake City
en|美国_犹他_圣乔治|St.George
en|美国_犹他_西乔丹|West Jordan
en|美国_犹他_西瓦利城|West Valley City
en|美国_佛蒙特|Vermont
en|美国_佛蒙特_伯灵顿|Burlington
en|美国_佛蒙特_拉特兰|Rutland
en|美国_佛蒙特_南伯灵顿|South Burlington
en|美国_维吉尼亚|Virginia
en|美国_维吉尼亚_阿科马克|Accomack
en|美国_维吉尼亚_阿尔伯马尔|Albemarle
en|美国_维吉尼亚_亚历山大港|Alexandria
en|美国_维吉尼亚_阿利根尼|Alleghany
en|美国_维吉尼亚_阿米利亚|Amelia
en|美国_维吉尼亚_阿默斯特|Amherst
en|美国_维吉尼亚_阿波马托克斯|Appomattox
en|美国_维吉尼亚_阿灵顿|Arlington
en|美国_维吉尼亚_奥古斯塔|Augusta
en|美国_维吉尼亚_巴斯|Bath
en|美国_维吉尼亚_贝德福|Bedford
en|美国_维吉尼亚_布兰德|Bland
en|美国_维吉尼亚_博特托尔特|Botetourt
en|美国_维吉尼亚_布里斯托尔|Bristol
en|美国_维吉尼亚_布伦瑞克|Brunswick
en|美国_维吉尼亚_布坎南|Buchanan
en|美国_维吉尼亚_白金汉|Buckingham
en|美国_维吉尼亚_布尤纳维斯塔|Buena Vista
en|美国_维吉尼亚_坎贝尔|Campbell
en|美国_维吉尼亚_加罗林|Caroline
en|美国_维吉尼亚_卡罗尔|Carroll
en|美国_维吉尼亚_查尔斯城|Charles City
en|美国_维吉尼亚_夏洛特|Charlotte
en|美国_维吉尼亚_夏洛茨维尔|Charlottesville
en|美国_维吉尼亚_切萨皮克|Chesapeake
en|美国_维吉尼亚_切斯特菲尔德|Chesterfield
en|美国_维吉尼亚_克拉尔克|Clarke
en|美国_维吉尼亚_科隆尼尔海次|Colonial Heights
en|美国_维吉尼亚_科文顿|Covington
en|美国_维吉尼亚_克雷格|Craig
en|美国_维吉尼亚_库尔佩珀|Culpeper
en|美国_维吉尼亚_坎伯兰|Cumberland
en|美国_维吉尼亚_丹维尔|Danville
en|美国_维吉尼亚_迪肯森|Dickenson
en|美国_维吉尼亚_丁威迪|Dinwiddie
en|美国_维吉尼亚_恩波利亚|Emporia
en|美国_维吉尼亚_埃塞克斯|Essex
en|美国_维吉尼亚_费尔法克斯|Fairfax
en|美国_维吉尼亚_福尔斯彻奇|Falls Church
en|美国_维吉尼亚_福基尔|Fauquier
en|美国_维吉尼亚_弗洛伊德|Floyd
en|美国_维吉尼亚_弗卢万纳|Fluvanna
en|美国_维吉尼亚_富兰克林|Franklin
en|美国_维吉尼亚_弗雷德里克|Frederick
en|美国_维吉尼亚_弗雷德里克斯堡|Fredericksburg
en|美国_维吉尼亚_加莱克斯|Galax
en|美国_维吉尼亚_贾尔斯|Giles
en|美国_维吉尼亚_格洛斯特|Gloucester
en|美国_维吉尼亚_古奇兰|Goochland
en|美国_维吉尼亚_格雷森|Grayson
en|美国_维吉尼亚_格林|Greene
en|美国_维吉尼亚_格林维尔|Greensville
en|美国_维吉尼亚_哈利法克斯|Halifax
en|美国_维吉尼亚_汉普顿|Hampton
en|美国_维吉尼亚_汉诺威|Hanover
en|美国_维吉尼亚_哈里森堡|Harrisonburg
en|美国_维吉尼亚_亨利科|Henrico
en|美国_维吉尼亚_亨利|Henry
en|美国_维吉尼亚_海兰|Highland
en|美国_维吉尼亚_霍普韦尔|Hopewell
en|美国_维吉尼亚_怀特岛|Isle of Wight
en|美国_维吉尼亚_詹姆斯城|James City
en|美国_维吉尼亚_乔治王|King George
en|美国_维吉尼亚_威廉王|King William
en|美国_维吉尼亚_国王与王后县|King and Queen
en|美国_维吉尼亚_兰开斯特|Lancaster
en|美国_维吉尼亚_李县|Lee
en|美国_维吉尼亚_列克星敦|Lexington
en|美国_维吉尼亚_劳登郡|Loudoun
en|美国_维吉尼亚_路易莎郡|Louisa
en|美国_维吉尼亚_卢嫩堡郡|Lunenburg
en|美国_维吉尼亚_林奇堡|Lynchburg
en|美国_维吉尼亚_麦迪逊|Madison
en|美国_维吉尼亚_马纳萨斯|Manassas
en|美国_维吉尼亚_马纳萨斯帕克|Manassas Park
en|美国_维吉尼亚_马丁斯维尔|Martinsville
en|美国_维吉尼亚_马修斯|Mathews
en|美国_维吉尼亚_梅克伦堡|Mecklenburg
en|美国_维吉尼亚_米德尔塞克斯|Middlesex
en|美国_维吉尼亚_蒙哥马利|Montgomery
en|美国_维吉尼亚_纳尔逊|Nelson
en|美国_维吉尼亚_新肯特|New Kent
en|美国_维吉尼亚_纽波特纽斯|Newport News
en|美国_维吉尼亚_诺福克|Norfolk
en|美国_维吉尼亚_北安普敦|Northampton
en|美国_维吉尼亚_诺森伯兰郡|Northumberland
en|美国_维吉尼亚_诺顿|Norton
en|美国_维吉尼亚_诺托韦|Nottoway
en|美国_维吉尼亚_奥兰治|Orange
en|美国_维吉尼亚_佩奇县|Page
en|美国_维吉尼亚_帕特里克|Patrick
en|美国_维吉尼亚_彼得斯堡|Petersburg
en|美国_维吉尼亚_皮特斯瓦|Pittsylvania
en|美国_维吉尼亚_普库森|Poquoson
en|美国_维吉尼亚_朴茨茅斯|Portsmouth
en|美国_维吉尼亚_波瓦坦|Powhatan
en|美国_维吉尼亚_爱德华王子县|Prince Edward
en|美国_维吉尼亚_乔治王子县|Prince George
en|美国_维吉尼亚_威廉王子县|Prince William
en|美国_维吉尼亚_普瓦斯基|Pulaski
en|美国_维吉尼亚_瑞德福|Radford
en|美国_维吉尼亚_拉帕汉诺克|Rappahannock
en|美国_维吉尼亚_里士满|Richmond
en|美国_维吉尼亚_洛亚诺克|Roanoke
en|美国_维吉尼亚_石桥郡|Rockbridge
en|美国_维吉尼亚_罗金厄姆|Rockingham
en|美国_维吉尼亚_拉塞尔|Russell
en|美国_维吉尼亚_萨利姆|Salem
en|美国_维吉尼亚_斯科特|Scott
en|美国_维吉尼亚_谢南多厄|Shenandoah
en|美国_维吉尼亚_史密斯|Smyth
en|美国_维吉尼亚_南安普敦|Southampton
en|美国_维吉尼亚_斯波特瑟尔韦尼亚|Spotsylvania
en|美国_维吉尼亚_斯塔福德|Stafford
en|美国_维吉尼亚_士丹顿|Staunton
en|美国_维吉尼亚_萨福克|Suffolk
en|美国_维吉尼亚_萨里|Surry
en|美国_维吉尼亚_苏塞克斯|Sussex
en|美国_维吉尼亚_塔兹韦尔|Tazewell
en|美国_维吉尼亚_弗吉尼亚比奇|Virginia Beach
en|美国_维吉尼亚_沃伦|Warren
en|美国_维吉尼亚_华盛顿|Washington
en|美国_维吉尼亚_韦恩斯伯勒|Waynesboro
en|美国_维吉尼亚_威斯特摩兰德|Westmoreland
en|美国_维吉尼亚_威廉斯堡|Williamsburg
en|美国_维吉尼亚_温彻斯特|Winchester
en|美国_维吉尼亚_怀斯|Wise
en|美国_维吉尼亚_威斯|Wythe
en|美国_维吉尼亚_约克|York
en|美国_华盛顿|Washington
en|美国_华盛顿_贝尔维尤|Bellevue
en|美国_华盛顿_艾佛雷特|Everett
en|美国_华盛顿_肯特|Kent
en|美国_华盛顿_西雅图|Seattle
en|美国_华盛顿_斯波坎|Spokane
en|美国_华盛顿_塔科马|Tacoma
en|美国_华盛顿_范库弗峰|Vancouver
en|美国_西佛吉尼亚|West Virginia
en|美国_西佛吉尼亚_查尔斯顿|Charleston
en|美国_西佛吉尼亚_亨廷顿|Huntington
en|美国_西佛吉尼亚_帕克斯堡|Parkersburg
en|美国_威斯康星|Wisconsin
en|美国_威斯康星_阿普尓顿|Appleton
en|美国_威斯康星_欧克莱尓|Eau Claire
en|美国_威斯康星_格林贝|Green Bay
en|美国_威斯康星_基诺沙|Kenosha
en|美国_威斯康星_拉克罗斯|LaCrosse
en|美国_威斯康星_迈迪逊|Madison
en|美国_威斯康星_马尼托沃克|Manitowoc
en|美国_威斯康星_密尔沃基|Milwaukee
en|美国_威斯康星_奥什科什|Oshkosh
en|美国_威斯康星_拉辛|Racine
en|美国_威斯康星_希博伊根|Sheboygan
en|美国_威斯康星_沃索|Wausau
en|美国_怀俄明州|Wyoming
en|美国_怀俄明州_卡斯帕|Casper
en|美国_怀俄明州_夏延|Cheyenne
en|美国_怀俄明州_埃文斯顿|Evanston
en|美国_怀俄明州_拉勒米|Laramie
en|美国_怀俄明州_罗克斯普林斯|Rock Springs
en|美国_怀俄明州_谢里登|Sheridan
en|乌拉圭|Uruguay
en|乌兹别克斯坦|Uzbekistan
en|瓦努阿图|Vanuatu
en|梵蒂冈|Vatican City
en|委内瑞拉|Venezuela
en|委内瑞拉_亚马孙|Amazonas
en|委内瑞拉_安索阿特吉|Anzoategui
en|委内瑞拉_阿普雷|Apure
en|委内瑞拉_阿拉瓜|Aragua
en|委内瑞拉_巴里纳斯|Barinas
en|委内瑞拉_玻利瓦尔|Bolivar
en|委内瑞拉_卡拉沃沃|Carabobo
en|委内瑞拉_加拉加斯|Caracas
en|委内瑞拉_科赫德斯|Cojedes
en|委内瑞拉_阿马库罗三角洲|Delta Amacuro
en|委内瑞拉_联邦属地|Dependencias Federales
en|委内瑞拉_新埃斯帕塔|Estado Nueva Esparta
en|委内瑞拉_法尔孔|Falcon
en|委内瑞拉_瓜里科|Guarico
en|委内瑞拉_拉腊|Lara
en|委内瑞拉_梅里达|Merida
en|委内瑞拉_米兰达|Miranda
en|委内瑞拉_莫纳加斯|Monagas
en|委内瑞拉_波图格萨|Portuguesa
en|委内瑞拉_苏克雷|Sucre
en|委内瑞拉_塔奇拉|Tachira
en|委内瑞拉_特鲁希略|Trujillo
en|委内瑞拉_亚拉奎|Yaracuy
en|委内瑞拉_苏利亚|Zulia
en|越南|Vietnam
en|越南_海防|Haiphong
en|越南_河内|Hanoi
en|越南_胡志明市|Ho Chi Minh City
en|瓦里斯和富图纳|Wallis and Futuna
en|也门|Yemen
en|赞比亚|Zambia
en|津巴布韦|Zimbabwe